Table of Contents

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

Form 10-K| | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| ☑| ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025

OR| | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| ☐| TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934  

For the transition period from  to 

Commission File No. 000-17948

ELECTRONIC ARTS INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)| | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Delaware|  | | 94-2838567  
(State or other jurisdiction of  
incorporation or organization)|  | | (I.R.S. Employer  
Identification No.)  
| |   
209 Redwood Shores Parkway|  | | 94065  
Redwood City| California|  | | (Zip Code)  
(Address of principal executive offices)|  | |   

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code:

(650) 628-1500

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:| | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Title of Each Class|  | Trading Symbol| | Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered  
Common Stock, $0.01 par value|  | EA| | Nasdaq Global Select Market  

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes þ No ¨

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ¨ No þ

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes þ No ¨

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes þ No ¨

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Large Accelerated Filer| þ| | Accelerated filer| ¨| | Non-accelerated filer| ¨| | Smaller reporting company|  ¨  
Emerging growth company| ¨| |  | | | | | | |   

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. þ

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No þ

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ¨

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ¨

The aggregate market value of the registrant’s common stock, $0.01 par value, held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of September 27, 2024, the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, was $38,145 million.

As of May 8, 2025, there were 250,765,972 shares of the registrant’s common stock, $0.01 par value, outstanding.

* * *

Table of Contents

Documents Incorporated by Reference

Portions of the registrant’s definitive proxy statement for its 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “2025 Proxy”) are incorporated by reference into Part III hereof. The 2025 Proxy is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the registrant’s fiscal year end. Except with respect to information specifically incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K, the 2025 Proxy is not deemed to be filed as part hereof.

* * *

Table of Contents

ELECTRONIC ARTS INC.

2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents

| | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| |   
|  | Page  
| PART I|   
Item 1| Business| 3  
Item 1A| Risk Factors| 8  
Item 1B| Unresolved Staff Comments| 17  
Item 1C| Cybersecurity| 17  
Item 2| Properties| 17  
Item 3| Legal Proceedings| 17  
Item 4| Mine Safety Disclosures| 17  
| |   
| PART II|   
Item 5| Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities| 18  
Item 6| [Reserved]| 19  
Item 7| Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations| 20  
Item 7A| Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk| 31  
Item 8| Financial Statements and Supplementary Data| 33  
Item 9| Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure| 80  
Item 9A| Controls and Procedures| 80  
Item 9B| Other Information| 81  
| |   
| PART III|   
Item 10| Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance| 82  
Item 11| Executive Compensation| 82  
Item 12| Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters| 82  
Item 13| Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence| 82  
Item 14| Principal Accounting Fees and Services| 82  
| |   
| PART IV|   
Item 15| Exhibits and Financial Statements| 82  
Exhibit Index| 83  
Signatures| 86  

2

* * *

Table of Contents

CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. We use words such as “anticipate”, “believe”, “expect”, “intend”, “estimate”, “plan”, “predict”, “seek”, “goal”, “will”, “may”, “likely”, “should”, “could”, “continue”, “potential” (and the negative of any of these terms), “future” and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. In addition, any statements that refer to projections of our future financial performance, trends in our business, projections of markets relevant to our business, uncertain events and assumptions and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements consist of, among other things, statements related to our business, operations and financial results, industry prospects, our future financial performance, and our business plans and objectives, and may include certain assumptions that underlie the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and reflect management’s current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report under the heading “Risk Factors” beginning on Page 8. We assume no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statement for any reason, except as required by law.

PART I

Item 1: Business

Overview

Electronic Arts is a global leader in digital interactive entertainment. We develop, market, publish and deliver games, content and services that can be experienced on game consoles, PCs and mobile devices.

What We Offer

We create innovative games and experiences that deliver high-quality interactive entertainment and drive engagement across our global network of hundreds of millions of players. We are focusing on building games and experiences that grow the global online communities around our key franchises; deepening engagement through connecting interactive storytelling to key intellectual property; and harnessing our communities to grow in, around, and beyond our games. We develop and publish games and experiences across diverse genres, such as sports, racing, first-person shooter, action, role-playing and simulation. We believe that our creative talent, production capabilities, broad portfolio of owned and licensed IP, and technological foundation, coupled with our network of hundreds of millions of players, provide us with strategic advantages. 

Through our live services offerings, we offer high-quality experiences designed to provide value to players and extend and enhance gameplay. These live services include extra content, subscription offerings and other revenue generated outside of the sale of our full games. Our digital live services and other net revenue represented 73 percent of our total net revenue during fiscal year 2025. We offer live services through our global football and American football franchises (which includes EA SPORTS College Football and EA SPORTS Madden NFL) and based on our iconic IP such as The Sims, Apex Legends and Battlefield. Our most popular live services are the extra content in the Ultimate Team mode associated with our sports franchises. Ultimate Team allows players to collect current and former players in order to build and compete as a personalized team. Live services net revenue generated from extra content purchased within Ultimate Team, a substantial portion of which was derived from FC Ultimate Team, is material to our business.

Our players engage with our products and services on consoles, PCs and mobile devices. Players can access our products and services through traditional single-game purchase or through subscription offerings; and certain of our products and services are available through a “free-to-play” model whereby players download the game for free and engage with services provided on an ongoing basis. For example, we develop products and services within the EA SPORTS FC franchise that allow players to engage through multiple business models, distribution channels and devices, including: (1) our annualized console and PC games and associated experiences, which can be purchased through both digital distribution and retail channels and also are available through subscription services; (2) a mobile free-to-play offering; and (3) a PC free-to-play game available in certain countries. Revenue from our EA SPORTS FC franchise, as well as revenue from our American football franchise, is material to our business and will continue to be so.

Distribution of Products and Services

Console. We primarily distribute our console products and services through partners, such as Sony and Microsoft. Under the terms of publishing agreements our products and services are developed, marketed, published, and distributed with PlayStation 

3

* * *

Table of Contents

and Xbox consoles. Our direct sales to Sony and Microsoft represented approximately 39 percent and 17 percent of total net revenue, respectively, in fiscal year 2025. Under these agreements, we have the non-exclusive right to use, for a fixed term and in a designated territory, technology that is owned or licensed by them to publish our games on their respective consoles. With respect to our digitally-delivered products and services, the console manufacturers pay us either a wholesale price or a royalty percentage on the revenue they derive from their sales of our products and services. Our transactions for packaged goods products are made pursuant to individual purchase orders, which are accepted on a case-by-case basis. Our packaged goods games are sold directly to mass market retailers, specialty stores and through distribution arrangements. For packaged goods products, we pay the console manufacturers a per-unit royalty for each unit manufactured. Many key commercial terms of our relationships with Sony and Microsoft — such as manufacturing terms, delivery times, policies and approval conditions — are determined unilaterally, and are subject to change by the console manufacturers.

The publishing agreements also require us to indemnify the console manufacturers for any loss, liability and expense resulting from any claim against the console manufacturer regarding our products and services, including any claims for patent, copyright or trademark infringement brought against the console manufacturers. Each agreement may be terminated by the console manufacturers if a breach or default by us is not cured after we receive written notice from the console manufacturers, or if we become insolvent. The console manufacturers are not obligated to enter into license agreements with us for any future consoles, products or services.

PC and Mobile. We distribute our mobile applications and additional content through distributors such as Apple and Google. Our applications are downloaded for mobile devices from third party application storefronts. The distributor collects payment from consumers for content purchased within the application or charges consumers a one-time fee to download the application. Our distribution agreements establish the amounts that are retained by the distributor and the amounts passed through to us. These arrangements are typically terminable on short notice. The agreements generally do not obligate the distributors to market or distribute any of our applications. Application storefront policies are determined unilaterally by the distributors and are subject to change.

Our PC products and services can be downloaded directly through the EA app, EA’s digital storefront, as well as through third-party online download stores, such as Steam. We also have agreements with companies, such as Tencent Holdings Limited, Nexon Co., Ltd and Garena Online Private Limited, or their respective affiliates, that allow these companies to publish our mobile and PC free-to-play games in certain countries. Our players access games from the publishers’ online storefronts and are charged for additional content purchased within our game environment. The agreements generally establish the amounts that are retained by the publisher and the amounts passed through to us.

Competition

The market for interactive entertainment is intensely competitive and changes rapidly as new products, business models and distribution channels are introduced. We also face competition for the right to license certain intellectual property included in our products. In order to remain successful, we are required to anticipate and commit to, sometimes years in advance, the ways in which our products and services will compete in the market. We face significant competition from companies that focus on developing products and services available on consoles, PCs and/or mobile devices. In addition, we compete with large, diversified companies that have strengthened their interactive entertainment capabilities. Their greater financial and other resources may provide larger budgets to develop and market tools, technologies, products and services that gain consumer success and shift player time and engagement away from our products and services. We also continue to expect new entrants to emerge.

More broadly, we compete against providers of different sources of entertainment, such as movies, television, social media, online casual entertainment and music that our players could enjoy in their free time. Important competitive factors in our industry include the ability to attract creative and technical talent, game quality and ease of use, innovation, compatibility of products with certain consoles and other distribution channels, brand recognition, reputation, reliability, security, creativity, price, marketing, and quality of customer service. The companies with which we compete, as well as competitive factors, may change and evolve as we execute our strategic plan.

Risks related to competitive factors affecting our business are described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors.

Research and Development

4

* * *

Table of Contents

Because the industries in which we compete are characterized by rapid technological advances, our ability to compete successfully is linked to our ability to deliver competitive products, services and technologies to the marketplace. We have teams focused on developing new technologies to enhance existing products and services and to expand the range of our offerings. For example, we are investing, and intend to continue to invest, in research and development to incorporate artificial intelligence into our products and services. We expect developments in artificial intelligence to accelerate the production of our products and services and enable new experiences for our players.

Intellectual Property and Technology

To establish and protect our intellectual property, we rely on a combination of copyrights, trademarks, patents, patent applications, trade secrets, know-how, license agreements, confidentiality provisions and procedures and other contractual provisions. We actively engage in enforcement and other activities to protect our intellectual property, but the laws of some countries in which we operate, particularly in Asia, either do not protect our intellectual property to the same extent as the laws of the United States or are poorly enforced. As our digital business has grown, our products and services increasingly depend on the reliability, availability and security of our technological infrastructure. In addition, we engage in activities designed to limit the impact of abuse of our digital products and services, including monitoring our games for evidence of exploitation and re-balancing our game environments in the event that such abuse is discovered.

Governmental Regulation

We are a global company subject to various and complex laws and regulations domestically and internationally, including laws and regulations related to gaming, user privacy, data collection and retention, consumer protection, protection of minors, online safety, content, advertising, localization, information security, intellectual property, competition, sanctions, addressing climate change, taxation, and employment, among others. Many of these laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing, and the application to, and impact on, us is uncertain. Certain of our business models, including those that utilize virtual items and virtual currency, are subject to new laws or regulations or evolving interpretations and application of existing laws and regulations that have limited or restricted, and may continue to limit or restrict, the sale of our products and services in certain territories.

Seasonality

We have historically experienced the highest percentage of our net bookings in our third fiscal quarter.

Human Capital

As of March 31, 2025, we employed approximately 14,500 people globally, with 68% percent located internationally. Our Board and its committees oversee our human capital management programs, practices and strategies. Additional information on how they oversee these matters can be found in our annual Proxy Statement. 

Our focus on people and culture helps our teams create products and services that entertain hundreds of millions of players around the world. We prioritize hiring and retaining a global workforce of top talent that generates the creative ideas that are necessary to build products and services that resonate with global audiences. We aim to bring our workforce together in an environment where creativity thrives, perspectives are invited, and people feel valued. We monitor employee sentiment through regular engagement surveys that address areas such as career development, manager performance and job satisfaction.

Our compensation programs and practices are designed to compensate our employees fairly based on the work that they perform. We invest in developing and retaining employees through access to professional growth resources, skills learning, and other job-specific and general training. We also build technical onboarding and job-specific programs to help our employees onboard to technical roles and grow in their specific domains. We maintain resources, programs and services to support employees' physical, mental, familial and financial health. We offer a wide range of benefits, such as comprehensive health insurance and time-off and leave programs.

Investor Information

Our website address is www.ea.com. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended, are available free of charge on the Investor Relations section of our website at http://ir.ea.com as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). The SEC 

5

* * *

Table of Contents

maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. We announce material financial information and business updates through our SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts, the Investor Relations section of our website at http://ir.ea.com, our blog at https://www.ea.com/news and through our X profile @EA. Except as expressly set forth in this Form 10-K annual report, the contents of our website, 2024 Impact Report and/or social media accounts are not incorporated into, or otherwise to be regarded as part of this Form 10-K.

Company Information

We were incorporated originally in California in 1982. In September 1991, we were reincorporated under the laws of Delaware. Our principal executive offices are located at 209 Redwood Shores Parkway, Redwood City, California 94065 and our telephone number is (650) 628-1500.

Information About Our Executive Officers

The following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers as of May 13, 2025:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Name|  | Age|  | Position  
Andrew Wilson|  | 50|  | Chief Executive Officer, Chair of the Board  
Stuart Canfield|  | 46|  | Chief Financial Officer  
Laura Miele|  | 55|  | President of EA Entertainment & Central Development  
Mala Singh|  | 54|  | Chief People Officer  
Jacob Schatz|  | 56|  | EVP of Global Affairs, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary   

Eric Kelly| | 53| | Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer  

Mr. Wilson has served as EA’s Chief Executive Officer and as a director of EA since September 2013 and was appointed Chair of the Board of Directors in August 2021. Prior to his appointment as our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Wilson held several positions within the Company since joining EA in May 2000, including Executive Vice President, EA SPORTS from August 2011 to September 2013. Mr. Wilson also serves as chairman of the board of the privately-held World Surf League and is a member of the Board of Trustees of the Paley Center for Media. Mr. Wilson has served on the board of directors of Intel Corporation within the last five years.

Mr. Canfield has served as EA’s Chief Financial Officer since June 2023. Mr. Canfield joined EA in 2003 and has over 20 years of experience across a variety of senior leadership positions in global finance, investor relations and operations, including SVP of Enterprise Finance & Investor Relations, SVP Finance (Strategic and Financial Planning) and SVP Finance (Corporate & Global EA Studios). Mr. Canfield received his undergraduate degree from the University of London.

Ms. Miele has served as EA’s President of EA Entertainment & Central Development since January 2025. Ms. Miele joined the Company in March 1996 and has held several positions at the Company, including President of EA Entertainment, Technology & Central Development from June 2023 to January 2025, Chief Operating Officer from October 2021 to June 2023, Chief Studios Officer from April 2018 to October 2021, and several senior roles in the Company's marketing organization.

Ms. Singh has served as EA's Chief People Officer since October 2016. Ms. Singh was previously employed by EA from 2009 to 2013, serving as Vice President, Human Resources, EA Labels from 2011 to 2013. Prior to rejoining EA, Ms. Singh served as the Chief People Officer of Minted, LLC from January 2014 to October 2016. Ms. Singh earned both her undergraduate and graduate degrees from Rutgers University - New Brunswick. 

Mr. Schatz has served as EA’s Executive Vice President of Global Affairs and Chief Legal Officer since June 2023 and leads the teams responsible for Legal Affairs, Business Development, Corporate Development, and other disciplines. Mr. Schatz joined EA in 1999, holding several roles within EA's legal department and was appointed General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in 2014. Mr. Schatz earned his J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center and received his undergraduate degree from Pomona College. Mr. Schatz is a member of the Bar of the State of California and is admitted to practice in the United States Supreme Court, the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals and several United States District Courts.

Mr. Kelly has served as EA's Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer since June 2022. Since joining EA in 2003, Mr. Kelly has held several positions within EA's finance organization, including Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer from 

6

* * *

Table of Contents

August 2021 to June 2022, Vice President and Worldwide Controller from January 2014 to August 2021 and other finance leadership roles such as CFO of Asia and European Financial Controller. Mr. Kelly holds a B.S. in Accounting from Villanova University and is a licensed Certified Public Accountant.

7

* * *

Table of Contents

Item 1A: Risk Factors

Our business is subject to many risks and uncertainties, which may affect our future financial performance. In the past, we have experienced certain of the events and circumstances described below, which adversely impacted our business and financial performance. If any of the events or circumstances described below occur, our business or financial performance could be harmed, our actual results could differ materially from our expectations and the market value of our stock could decline. The risks and uncertainties discussed below are not the only ones we face. There may be additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe could be material that may harm our business or financial performance.

STRATEGIC RISKS

Our business is intensely competitive. We may not deliver successful and engaging products and services, or consumers may prefer our competitors’ products or services over our own.

Competition in our business is intense. Many new products and services are regularly introduced, but only a relatively small number of products and associated services drive significant engagement and account for a significant portion of total revenue. Our competitors range from established interactive entertainment companies to emerging start-ups. In addition, we compete with large, diversified companies that have strengthened their interactive entertainment capabilities. Their greater financial and other resources provide larger budgets to recruit our key creative and technical talent, develop and market products and services that gain consumer success, shift player time and engagement away from our products and services, or otherwise disrupt our operations. We also expect new competitors to continue to emerge throughout the world. If our competitors develop more successful and engaging products or services, offer competitive products or services at lower price points, or if we do not continue to develop consistently high-quality, well-received and engaging products and services, or if our marketing strategies are not innovative or fail to resonate with players, particularly during key selling periods, our revenue, margins, and profitability will decline. 

We strive to create innovative and high-quality products and services that allow us to grow the global online communities around our key franchises and reach more players. However, innovative and high-quality titles, even if highly-reviewed or critically acclaimed, may not meet our expectations or the expectations of our players. Many financially successful products and services within our industry are iterations of prior titles with large established consumer bases and significant brand recognition, which makes competing in certain categories challenging. In addition, products or services of our direct competitors or other entertainment companies have shifted consumer spending or engagement from our products and services and may do so in the future, which could cause our products and services to underperform. 

A significant portion of our revenue historically has been derived from products and services based on a few popular franchises, and the underperformance of a single major title has had, and could in the future have, a material adverse impact on our financial results. For example, we have historically derived a significant portion of our net revenue from sales related to our EA SPORTS FC franchise, annualized versions of which are consistently one of the best-selling games in the marketplace. Any events or circumstances that negatively impact our EA SPORTS FC franchise, including Ultimate Team, such as product or service quality, other products that take a portion of consumer spending and time, the delay or cancellation of a product or service launch, increased competition for key licenses, or real or perceived security or regulatory risks, negatively impacts our financial results to a disproportionate extent.

We may not meet our product and live service development schedules.

Our ability to meet product and live service development schedules is affected by a number of factors both within and outside our control, including feedback from our players, the creative processes involved, the coordination of large and sometimes geographically dispersed development teams, evolving work models, the complexity of our products and the platforms for which they are developed, the need to fine-tune our products prior to their release, and, in certain cases, approvals from third parties. We have experienced development delays for our products and services in the past which caused us to delay or cancel release dates. Any failure to meet anticipated production or release schedules likely would result in a delay of revenue and/or possibly a significant shortfall in our revenue, increase our development and/or marketing expenses, harm our profitability, and cause our operating results to be materially different than anticipated. If we miss key selling periods for products or services as a result of product delays or product cancellations, our sales likely will suffer significantly. 

8

* * *

Table of Contents

Our industry changes rapidly and we may fail to anticipate or successfully implement new or evolving technologies, or adopt successful business strategies, distribution methods or services.

Rapid changes in our industry require us to anticipate, sometimes years in advance, the ways in which our business can remain competitive in the market. We have invested, and in the future may invest, in new business and marketing strategies, tools and technologies, distribution methods, products, and services. There can be no assurance that the strategic investments we pursue will achieve financial results that meet or exceed our expectations. We may miss opportunities or fail to respond quickly enough to industry change, including the failure to adopt tools, technology and distribution methods or failure to develop new products, services or ways to engage with our games that become popular with consumers, each of which could adversely affect our financial results. For example, we expect our competitive landscape to evolve as artificial intelligence technology advances and is integrated into the markets in which we compete. Our competitors may incorporate new artificial intelligence tools and technology into their existing products and services more successfully, may use these new tools and technology more efficiently or may create new categories of products and services before we do.

Stakeholders have high expectations for the quality and integrity of our business, culture, products and services and we may be unsuccessful in meeting these expectations.

Expectations regarding the quality, performance and integrity of our business, brand, reputation, culture, products and services are high. Players and other stakeholders have sometimes been critical of our industry, brands, products, services, online communities, business models and/or practices for a wide variety of reasons, including perceptions about gameplay fun, fairness, game content, features or services, or objections to certain of our practices. These negative responses may not be foreseeable. We also may not effectively manage our responses because of reasons within or outside of our control. In addition, we have taken actions, including delaying the release of our games and delaying or discontinuing content, features and services for our games, after taking into consideration, among other things, feedback from our community or geopolitical events. These actions have had a negative impact on our financial results and have impacted our future development processes. We expect to continue to take actions as appropriate, including actions that may result in additional expenditures and the loss of revenue. Maintaining high ratings on the third-party console, platforms and devices on which we operate are important to drive players to our products and services. If we receive significant negative reviews that result in a decrease in our ratings, including as a result of negative review campaigns intended to harm our ratings, our games could be more difficult for players to find, negatively impacting our financial and operating results.

Certain of our games and features on our platforms support online features that allow players and viewers to communicate with one another and post content, in real time, that is visible to other players and viewers. From time to time, this “user generated content” may contain objectionable and offensive content that is distributed and disseminated by third parties and our brands may be negatively affected by such actions. If we fail to appropriately respond to the dissemination of such content, we may be subject to lawsuits and governmental regulation, our players may not engage with our products and services and/or may lose confidence in our brands and our financial results may be adversely affected.

Our products and services are extremely complex software programs and are difficult to develop and distribute. We have quality controls in place to detect defects, bugs or other errors in our products and services before they are released. Nonetheless, these quality controls are subject to human error, overriding, and resource or technical constraints. If these quality controls and preventative measures are not effective in detecting all defects, bugs or errors in our products and services before they have been released into the marketplace, then our products and services could be below our standards and the standards of our players and our reputation, brand and sales could be adversely affected. In addition, we could be required to, or may find it necessary to, offer a refund for the product or service, suspend the availability or sale of the product or service or expend significant resources to cure the defect, bug or error each of which could significantly harm our business and operating results. 

We are integrating artificial intelligence tools and technologies into our business and development processes. The use of artificial intelligence might present social and ethical issues that, if not managed appropriately, may result in legal and reputational harm, cause consumers to lose confidence in our business and brands and negatively impact our financial and operating results.

External game developers may not meet product development schedules or otherwise honor their obligations.

We contract with external game developers to develop our games or to publish or distribute their games. While we maintain contractual protections, we have less control over the product development schedules of games developed by external 

9

* * *

Table of Contents

developers. We depend on their ability to meet product development schedules. If we have disputes with external developers or they cannot meet product development schedules, acquire certain approvals or are otherwise unable or unwilling to honor their obligations to us, we may delay or cancel previously announced games, alter our launch schedule or experience increased costs and expenses, which could result in a delay or significant shortfall in anticipated revenue, harm our profitability and reputation, and cause our financial results to be materially affected.

Our business depends on the success and availability of consoles, platforms and devices developed by third parties and our ability to develop and maintain commercially successful products and services for those consoles, platforms and devices.

The success of our business is driven in part by the commercial success, adequate supply and consumer adoption of third-party consoles, platforms and devices for which we develop our products and services or through which our products and services are distributed. Our success depends in part on accurately predicting which consoles, platforms and devices will be successful in the marketplace and providing engaging and commercially successful products and services for those consoles, platforms and devices. We must make product development decisions and commit significant resources well in advance of the commercial availability of new consoles, platforms and devices, and we may incur significant expense to adjust our product portfolio and development efforts in response to changing consumer preferences. We may enter into certain exclusive licensing arrangements that affect our ability to deliver or market products or services on certain consoles, platforms or devices. A console, platform or device for which we are developing products and services may not achieve consumer adoption at the rate we expect and we may be unable to fully recover the investments we have made in developing our products and services; or new consoles, platforms or devices may take market share away from those for which we have devoted significant resources, causing us to not reach our intended audience and take advantage of meaningful revenue opportunities. 

We could fail to successfully adopt new business models.

From time to time we seek to establish and implement new business models. Forecasting the success of any new business model is inherently uncertain and depends on a number of factors both within and outside of our control. Our actual revenue and profit for these businesses may be significantly greater or less than our forecasts. In addition, these new business models could fail, resulting in the loss of our investment in the development and infrastructure needed to support these new business models, as well as the opportunity cost of diverting management and financial resources away from more successful and established businesses. Any failure to successfully implement new business models could materially impact our financial and operating results.

Acquisitions, investments, divestitures and other strategic transactions could result in operating difficulties and other negative consequences.

We have made and may continue to make acquisitions or enter into other strategic transactions including (1) acquisitions of companies, businesses, intellectual properties, and other assets, (2) investments in, or transactions with, strategic partners, and (3) investments in new businesses as part of our long-term business strategy. These acquisitions and other transactions involve significant challenges and risks including that the transaction does not advance our business strategy or strategic goals, that we do not realize a satisfactory return on our investment, that we cannot realize anticipated tax benefits or incur tax costs, that we acquire liabilities and/or litigation from acquired companies, that our due diligence process does not identify significant issues or liabilities, diversion of management’s attention from our other businesses and the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, write-offs of goodwill, intangibles, or acquired in-process technology, or other increased cash and non-cash expenses. In addition, we may not be able to complete the acquisition as a result of challenges in obtaining regulatory approvals or we may not integrate these businesses successfully, retain key employees from acquired companies and achieve expected synergies. 

We may fund strategic transactions with (1) cash, which would reduce cash available for other corporate purposes, (2) debt, which would increase our interest expense and leverage and/or (3) equity which would dilute current shareholders’ percentage ownership and also dilute our earnings per share. 

We may be unable to maintain or acquire licenses to include intellectual property owned by others in our games, or to maintain or acquire the rights to publish or distribute games developed by others.

10

* * *

Table of Contents

Many of our products and services are based on or incorporate intellectual property owned by others. For example, our EA SPORTS products include rights licensed from major sports leagues, teams and players’ associations and our Star Wars products include rights licensed from Disney. Competition for these licenses and rights is intense. If we are unable to maintain these licenses and rights or obtain additional licenses or rights with significant commercial value, our ability to develop successful and engaging products and services may be adversely affected and our revenue, profitability and cash flows may decline significantly. Other competitors may assume certain licenses and create competing products, impacting our sales. Competition for these licenses has increased, and may continue to increase, the amounts that we must pay to licensors and developers, through higher minimum guarantees or royalty rates, which could significantly increase our costs and reduce our profitability.

Our business partners may not honor their obligations to us or their actions may put us at risk.

We rely on various business partners, including platform partners, third-party service providers, vendors, licensing partners, development partners and licensees. Their actions may put our business and our reputation and brand at risk. In many cases, our business partners may be given access to sensitive and proprietary information in order to provide services and support, and they may misappropriate our information and engage in unauthorized use of it. In addition, the failure of these third parties to provide adequate services and technologies, or the failure of the third parties to adequately maintain or update their services and technologies, could result in a disruption to our business operations. Further, disruptions in the financial markets, geopolitical conditions, economic downturns, poor business decisions, or reputational harm may adversely affect our business partners and they may not be able to continue honoring their obligations to us or we may cease our arrangements with them. Alternative arrangements and services may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or we may experience business interruptions upon a transition to an alternative partner or vendor. 

OPERATIONAL RISKS

Catastrophic events may disrupt our business.

Catastrophic events, including natural disasters, cyber-incidents, power disruptions, pandemics, acts of terrorism or other events have caused, and in the future could cause, outages, disruptions and/or degradations of our infrastructure (including our or our partners’ information technology and network systems), a failure in our ability to conduct normal business operations, or the closure of public spaces in which players engage with our products and services all of which could materially impact our reputation and brand, financial condition and operating results. The health and safety of our employees, players, third-party organizations with whom we partner, or regulatory agencies on which we rely could be also affected, any of which may prevent us from executing against our business strategies and/or cause a decrease in consumer demand for our products and services. We recognize the inherent physical risks associated with climate change. Our business relies on the reliable transmission of energy worldwide and is susceptible to weather-related events that could stress the power grid. System redundancy may be ineffective, and our disaster recovery and business continuity planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. In addition, our corporate headquarters and several of our key studios also are located in seismically active regions and areas that are vulnerable to other natural disasters and weather events such as wildfires and hurricanes. These catastrophic events could disrupt our business and operations, and/or the businesses and operations of our partners and may cause us to incur additional costs to maintain or resume operations.

We have and may continue to experience security breaches and cyber threats.

The integrity of our and our partners’ information technology networks and systems is critical to our ongoing operations, products, and services. Our industry is prone to, and our systems and networks are subject to actions by malfeasant actors, which may include individuals or groups, including state-sponsored attackers. These actions include cyber-attacks, including ransomware, and other information security incidents that seek to exploit, disable, damage, and/or disrupt our networks, business operations, products and services and supporting technological infrastructure, or gain access to consumer and employee personal information, our intellectual property and other assets. Additionally, as artificial intelligence capabilities develop rapidly, individuals or groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, may use these technologies to create new sophisticated attack methods that are increasingly automated, targeted and coordinated and more difficult to defend against. In addition, our systems and networks could be harmed or improperly accessed due to errors by employees or third parties that are authorized to access these networks and systems. We also rely on technological infrastructure provided by third-party business partners to support the online functionality of our products and services, who are also subject to these same cyber risks. Both our partners and we have expended, and expect to continue to expend, financial and operational resources to guard against cyber risks and to help protect our data and systems. However, the techniques used by malfeasant actors change frequently, continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and often are not detected for long periods of time. 

11

* * *

Table of Contents

Remote access to our networks and systems, and the networks and systems of our partners is substantial. While we and our partners have taken steps to secure our networks and systems, these networks and systems may be more vulnerable to a

successful cyber-attack or information security incident in a hybrid working model. The costs to respond to, mitigate, and/or notify affected parties of cyber-attacks and other security vulnerabilities are significant. It may also be necessary for us to take additional extraordinary measures and make additional expenditures to take appropriate responsive and preventative steps. Consequences of such events, responsive measures and preventative measures have included, and could in the future include, the loss of proprietary and personal data and interruptions or delays in our business operations, exploitation of our data, as well as loss of player confidence and damage to our brand and reputation, financial expenses and financial loss. In addition, such events could cause us to be non-compliant with applicable regulations, and subject us to legal claims or penalties under laws protecting the privacy or security of personal information or proprietary material information. We have experienced such events in the past and expect future events to occur.

In addition, the virtual economies that we have established in many of our games are subject to abuse, exploitation and other forms of fraudulent activity that can negatively impact our business. Virtual economies involve the use of virtual currency and/or virtual assets that can be used or redeemed by a player within a particular game or service. The abuse or exploitation of our virtual economies have included the illegitimate or unauthorized generation and sale of virtual items, including in black markets. Our online services have been impacted by in-game exploits and the use of automated or other fraudulent processes designed to generate virtual items or currency illegitimately or to execute account takeover attacks against our players. We anticipate such activity to continue. These abuses and exploits, and the steps that we take to address these abuses and exploits may result in a loss of anticipated revenue, increased costs to protect against or remediate these issues, interfere with players’ enjoyment of a balanced game environment or cause harm to our reputation and brand.

We may experience outages, disruptions or degradations in our services, products and/or technological infrastructure.

The reliable performance of our products and services depends on the continuing operation and availability of our information technology systems and those of our external service providers, including third-party “cloud” computing services. Our games and services are complex software products and maintaining the sophisticated internal and external technological infrastructure required to reliably deliver these games and services is expensive and complicated. The reliable delivery and stability of our products and services has been, and could in the future be, adversely impacted by outages, disruptions, failures or degradations in our network and related infrastructure, as well as in the online platforms or services of key business partners that offer, support or host our products and services. The reliability and stability of our products and services has been affected by events outside of our control as well as by events within our control, such as the migration of data among data centers and to third-party hosted environments, the performance of upgrades and maintenance on our systems, and effectively scaling our technological infrastructure to accommodate online demand for our products and services.

If we or our external business partners were to experience an event that caused a significant system outage, disruption or degradation or if a transition among data centers or service providers or an upgrade or maintenance session encountered unexpected interruptions, unforeseen complexity or unplanned disruptions, our products and services may not be available to consumers or may not be delivered reliably and stably. We do not have redundancy for all our systems, many of our critical applications reside in only one of our data centers, and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. As a result, our reputation and brand may be harmed, consumer engagement with our products and services may be reduced, and our revenue and profitability could be negatively impacted. 

Attracting, managing and retaining our talent is critical to our success.

Our business depends on our ability to attract, train, motivate and retain executive, technical, creative, marketing and other talent that are essential to the development, marketing and support of our products and services. The market for highly-skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive, particularly in the geographic locations in which many of our key talent are located. We also engage with talent through contracted services. Our leading position within the interactive entertainment industry makes us a prime target for recruiting our executives, as well as key creative and technical talent. If we cannot successfully recruit, train, motivate, attract and retain qualified talent, develop and maintain a healthy culture, replace key talent following their departure or experience disruption in our contracted services, our reputation, brand and culture may be negatively impacted, products and services may be delayed and our business will be impaired. Our global workforce is primarily non-unionized, but we have unions and works councils outside of the United States. In the United States, there has been an increase in prominence in certain sectors of workers exercising their right to form or join a union. If significant employee populations were to unionize or if we experience labor disruptions, we could experience operational changes that may materially impact our business.

12

* * *

Table of Contents

We rely on the consoles, systems and devices of partners who have significant influence over the products and services that we offer in the marketplace.

A significant percentage of our digital net revenue is attributable to sales of products and services through our significant partners, including Sony, Microsoft, Apple and Google. The concentration of a material portion of our digital sales in these partners exposes us to risks associated with these businesses and any deterioration in the businesses of our significant partners could disrupt and harm our business. 

Our license agreements typically provide these partners with significant control over the approval and distribution of the products and services that we develop for their consoles, systems and devices. For products and services delivered via digital channels, each respective partner has policies and guidelines that control the promotion and distribution of these titles and the features and functionalities that we are permitted to offer through the channel. Our partners could choose to exclude our products and services from, or de-emphasize the promotion of our products and services within, some or all of their distribution channels in order to promote their own products and services or those of our competitors. In addition, we are dependent on these partners to invest in, and upgrade, the capabilities of their systems in a manner that corresponds to the preferences of consumers. Failure by these partners to keep pace with consumer preferences could have an adverse impact on the engagement with our products and services and our ability to merchandise and commercialize our products and services which could harm our business and/or financial results.

Moreover, certain significant partners can determine and change unilaterally certain key terms and conditions, including the ability to change their user and developer policies and guidelines and set the rates that we must pay to provide our products and services through their online channels, and change their fee structures or adopt different fee structures for their online channels. These partners also control the information technology systems through which online sales of our products and service are captured. If our partners establish terms that restrict our offerings, significantly impact the financial terms on which these products or services are offered to our customers, or their information technology systems experience outages that impact our players’ ability to access our games or purchase extra content or cause an unanticipated delay in reporting, our business and/or financial results could be materially affected.

LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE RISKS

Government regulations applicable to us may negatively impact our business.

We are a global company subject to various and complex laws and regulations domestically and internationally, including laws and regulations related to consumer protection, protection of minors, online safety, including content moderation and transparency, advertising, information security, intellectual property, competition, sanctions, taxation and tariffs, and employment, among others. Many of these laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing, and the application to, and impact on, us is uncertain. Enforcement of these laws could harm our business by limiting the products and services we can offer consumers or the manner in which we offer them. The costs of compliance with these laws may increase in the future as a result of changes in applicable laws or changes to interpretation. Any failure on our part to comply with these laws or the application of these laws in an unanticipated manner may harm our business and result in penalties or significant legal liability. 

Certain of our business models and features within our products and services are subject to new laws or regulations or evolving interpretations and application of existing laws and regulations. The industry’s adoption of virtual items and virtual currency has prompted calls for new laws and regulations and resulted in the application of existing laws or regulations that have increased scrutiny on these business models and limited or restricted the sale of our products and services in certain territories. We are integrating artificial intelligence technologies into our business and development processes, and it is possible that we could become subject to new regulations, or the interpretation of existing regulations that could negatively impact our operational and financial results. Our products and services allow players to connect with each other and create and share user-generated content. Such interactions and content may be objectionable or offensive and expose us to liability and regulatory oversight, particularly as applicable global laws and regulations are introduced and evolve. New laws related to these business models and features or the interpretation or application of current laws could subject us to additional regulation and oversight, cause us to further limit or restrict the sale of our products and services or otherwise impact our products and services, lessen the engagement with, and growth of, profitable business models, and expose us to increased compliance costs, significant liability, fines, penalties and harm to our reputation and brand.

We are subject to laws in certain foreign countries, and adhere to industry standards in the United States, that mandate rating requirements or set other restrictions on the advertisement, marketing, publication or distribution of interactive entertainment 

13

* * *

Table of Contents

software based on content. In addition, certain foreign countries allow government censorship of interactive entertainment software products or require pre-approval processes of uncertain length before our products and services can be offered. Adoption and enforcement of ratings systems, censorship, restrictions on publication or distribution, and changes to approval processes or the status of any approvals could harm our business by limiting the products we are able to offer to our consumers. In addition, compliance with new and possibly inconsistent regulations for different territories could be costly, delay or prevent the release of our products in those territories.

We are subject to complex and prescriptive regulations, and consumer sensitivity, regarding data privacy practices.

We are subject to global data privacy, data protection, security and consumer-protection laws and regulations. These laws and regulations are emerging and evolving and the interpretation, application and enforcement of these laws and regulations often are uncertain, contradictory and changing. The failure to maintain data practices that are compliant with applicable laws and regulations, or evolving interpretations of applicable laws and regulations, could result in inquiries from enforcement agencies or direct consumer complaints, resulting in civil or criminal penalties, and could adversely impact our reputation and brand. In addition, the operational costs of compliance with these regulations is high and will likely continue to increase. Even if we remain in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, consumer sensitivity to the collection and processing of their personal information continues to increase. Any real or perceived failures in maintaining acceptable data privacy practices, including allowing improper or unauthorized access, acquisition or misuse and/or uninformed disclosure of consumer, employee and other information, or a perception that we do not adequately secure this information or provide consumers with adequate notice about the information that they authorize us to collect and disclose could result in brand, reputational, or other harms to the business, result in costly remedial measures, deter current and potential customers from using our products and services and cause our financial results to be materially affected.

Third party vendors and business partners receive access to certain information that we collect. These vendors and business partners may not prevent data security breaches with respect to the information we provide them or fully enforce our policies, contractual obligations and disclosures regarding the collection, use, storage, transfer and retention of personal data. A data security breach of one of our vendors or business partners could cause reputational and financial harm to them and us, negatively impact our ability to offer our products and services, and could result in legal liability, costly remedial measures, governmental and regulatory investigations, harm our profitability, reputation and brand, and/or cause our financial results to be materially affected.

We may be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights.

From time to time, third parties may claim that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. Although we take steps to avoid knowingly violating the intellectual property rights of others, it is possible that third parties still may claim infringement. Existing or future infringement claims against us may be expensive to defend and divert the attention of our employees from business operations. Such claims or litigation could require us to pay damages and other costs. We also could be required to stop selling, distributing or supporting products, features or services which incorporate the affected intellectual property rights, redesign products, features or services to avoid infringement, or obtain a license, all of which could be costly and harm our business.

In addition, many patents have been issued that may apply to potential new modes of delivering, playing or monetizing products and services such as those that we produce or would like to offer in the future. We may discover that future opportunities to provide new and innovative modes of game play and game delivery may be precluded by existing patents that we are unable to acquire or license on reasonable terms.

From time to time we may become involved in other legal proceedings.

We are currently, and from time to time in the future may become, subject to legal proceedings, claims, litigation and government investigations or inquiries, which could be expensive, lengthy, disruptive to normal business operations and occupy a significant amount of our employees’ time and attention. In addition, the outcome of any legal proceedings, claims, litigation, investigations or inquiries may be difficult to predict and could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating results, or financial condition.

Our products and brands are subject to intellectual property infringement, including in jurisdictions that do not adequately protect our products and intellectual property rights.

14

* * *

Table of Contents

We regard our products, brands and intellectual property as proprietary and take measures to protect our assets from infringement. We are aware that some unauthorized copying of our products and brands occurs, and if a significantly greater amount were to occur, it could negatively impact our business. Further, our products and services are available worldwide and the laws of some countries, particularly in Asia, either do not protect our products, brands and intellectual property to the same extent as the laws of the United States or are poorly enforced. Legal protection of our rights may be ineffective in countries with weaker intellectual property enforcement mechanisms. In addition, certain third parties have registered our intellectual property rights without authorization in foreign countries. Successfully registering such intellectual property rights could limit or restrict our ability to offer products and services based on such rights in those countries. Although we take steps to enforce and police our rights, our practices and methodologies may not be effective against all eventualities.

FINANCIAL RISKS

Our financial results are subject to currency and interest rate fluctuations.

International sales are a fundamental part of our business. For our fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, international net revenue comprised 59 percent of our total net revenue, and we expect our international business to continue to account for a significant portion of our total net revenue. As a result of our international sales, and also the denomination of our foreign investments and our cash and cash equivalents in foreign currencies, we are exposed to the effects of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and volatility in foreign currency exchange rates remains elevated as compared to historic levels. We use foreign currency hedging contracts to mitigate some foreign currency risk. However, these activities are limited in the protection they provide us from foreign currency fluctuations and can themselves result in losses. In addition, interest rate volatility can decrease the amount of interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment portfolio.

We utilize debt financing and such indebtedness could adversely impact our business and financial condition.

We have senior unsecured notes outstanding, as well as an unsecured revolving credit facility. While the facility is currently undrawn, we may use the proceeds of any future borrowings for general corporate purposes. We may also enter into other financial instruments in the future. This indebtedness and any indebtedness that we may incur in the future could affect our financial condition and future financial results by, among other things, requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of any cash flow from operations to the repayment of indebtedness and increasing our vulnerability to downturns in our business or adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions.

The agreements governing our indebtedness impose restrictions on us and require us to maintain compliance with specified covenants. In particular, the revolving credit facility requires us to maintain compliance with a debt to EBITDA ratio. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. If we breach any of these covenants and do not obtain a waiver from the lenders or noteholders, then, subject to applicable cure periods, our outstanding indebtedness may be declared immediately due and payable. There can be no assurance that any refinancing or additional financing would be available on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us, if at all. In addition, changes by any rating agency to our credit rating may negatively impact the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities, as well as the potential costs associated with new issuances or any potential refinancing of existing issuances. Downgrades in our credit rating could also restrict our ability to obtain additional financing in the future and could affect the terms of any such financing.

Changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities, and changes to tax laws and interpretations of tax laws could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition.

We are subject to taxes in the United States and in various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide income tax provision, tax assets, and accruals for other taxes, and the ultimate tax determination is uncertain for many transactions. Our effective income tax rate is based in part on our corporate operating structure and how we operate our business and develop, value, and use our intellectual property. Taxing authorities in jurisdictions in which we operate have challenged and audited, and may continue to, challenge and audit, our methodologies for calculating our income taxes, which could have a material impact on our effective income tax rate and cash taxes. In addition, our provision for income taxes is materially affected by our profit levels, changes in our business, changes in our geographic mix of earnings, changes in the elections we make, changes in our corporate structure, or changes in applicable accounting rules, as well as other factors. 

Changes to enacted U.S. federal, state or international tax laws, as well as changes to interpretations of existing tax laws, particularly in Switzerland, where our international business is headquartered, and actions we have taken in our business with respect to such laws, have affected, and could continue to affect, our effective tax rates and cash taxes, and could cause us to change the way in which we structure our business and result in other costs. For example, the European Union and other countries, including Switzerland, have enacted or have committed to enact global minimum taxes, commonly referred to as Pillar II, as proposed by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, which could impact our provision for 

15

* * *

Table of Contents

income taxes and cash taxes. Our effective tax rate also could be adversely affected by changes in the measurement of our deferred income taxes, including the need for valuation allowances against deferred tax assets. Our valuation allowances, in turn, are impacted by several factors with respect to our business, industry, and the macroeconomic environments, including changing interest rates and tax laws. Significant judgment is involved in determining the amount of valuation allowances, and actual financial results also may differ materially from our current estimates and could have a material impact on our assessments.

We are required to pay taxes other than income taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property, transfer, and goods and services taxes, in both the United States and foreign jurisdictions. Several foreign jurisdictions have introduced new digital services taxes on revenue of companies that provide certain digital services or expanded their interpretation of existing tax laws with regard to other non-income taxes. The guidance about the applicability of these new taxes to our business is limited and significant uncertainty exists as to what will be deemed in scope. If these foreign taxes are applied to us, it could have an adverse and material impact on our business and financial performance.

GENERAL RISKS

Our business is subject to economic, market, public health and geopolitical conditions.

Our business is subject to economic, market, public health and geopolitical conditions, which are beyond our control. The United States and other international economies have experienced cyclical downturns from time to time. Worsening economic conditions, political instability, and political developments in or around any of the countries in which we do business, particularly conditions that negatively impact discretionary consumer spending and consumer demand or increase our operating costs, including conflicts, inflation, slower growth, recession and other macroeconomic conditions have had, and could continue to have, a material adverse impact on our business and operating results. In addition, relations between the United States and countries in which we have operations and sales have been impacted by events such as immigration policies and the adoption or expansion of trade restrictions, including tariffs and economic sanctions, that may have a material impact on our operations and financial results. For example, the imposition of tariffs by the U.S. government on imported goods and any retaliatory tariffs from foreign governments could result in increased costs and uncertainty that may negatively affect global economic conditions and activity and negatively affect our business and the businesses of our partners. 

We are particularly susceptible to market conditions and risks associated with the entertainment industry, which, in addition to general macroeconomic downturns, also include the popularity, price and timing of our products and services, changes in consumer demographics, the availability and popularity of other forms of entertainment, and critical reviews and public tastes and preferences, among other factors which may change rapidly and cannot necessarily be predicted.

Our stock price has been volatile and may continue to fluctuate significantly.

The market price of our common stock historically has been, and we expect will continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations. These fluctuations may be due to our operating results or factors specific to our operating results (including those discussed in the risk factors above), changes in securities analysts’ estimates of our future financial performance, ratings or recommendations, the failure of our capital return programs to meet analysts’ and investors’ expectations, the announcement and integration of any acquisitions we may make, departure of key personnel, cyberattacks, or factors largely outside of our control including those affecting interactive gaming, entertainment, and/or technology companies generally, national or international economic conditions, investor sentiment or other factors related or unrelated to our operating performance. In particular, economic downturns may contribute to the public stock markets experiencing extreme price and trading volume volatility. These fluctuations could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

The market price of our common stock is sensitive to our ability to forecast our financial and operating results and meet these projections and the expectations of analysts and investors. Forecasting future financial and operating results in our industry is inherently challenging, including with respect to products and services that historically have provided relatively stable financial results, such as our live services, annualized sports titles, and our console, PC and mobile catalog titles. The financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes to those projections, or the failure to meet these projections or the expectations of analysts and investors may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.

16

* * *

Table of Contents

Item 1B: Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

Item 1C: Cybersecurity

In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, use, store, and digitally transmit confidential and personal information. The secure maintenance of this information and our information technology systems is important to our operations, business strategy, and maintaining the trust of our players, employees, and partners. To this end, we have implemented policies, practices and programs designed to assess, identify, and manage risks from potential unauthorized occurrences on or through our information technology systems that may result in adverse effects on the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of these systems and the data residing therein. These processes are managed and monitored by dedicated information technology security teams, which are led by our Chief Information Security Officer. They include mechanisms, controls, technologies, systems, and other processes designed to maintain a stable information technology environment and protect against unauthorized access, use, destruction, modification or disclosure of confidential and personal information, and other information security incidents affecting our operations or the availability of our products and services. For example, we invest in tools to detect suspicious activity in accounts, give players the ability to use two-factor authentication and work to prevent the creation of mass user accounts.

We also regularly test our defenses through penetration and vulnerability testing. We implement controls and procedures designed to mitigate risk with third-party vendors and business partners who have access to confidential and personal information, including by conducting a formalized security risk assessment. Security risks identified in security risk assessments are remediated, and/or formally documented, and in some cases the business relationship may be ended or not pursued. Our employees and certain contractors are required to complete mandatory annual security training. These trainings raise awareness of security practices and educate employees to protect information assets and infrastructure. We consult with outside advisors and experts when appropriate to assist in assessing, identifying and managing cybersecurity risks, including providing an independent analysis of our preparedness, assessing and managing the current risk environment and assisting us in preparing for future threats and trends.

Our Chief Information Security Officer, who reports directly to our Chief Technology Officer, has extensive experience managing information technology and cybersecurity matters and is responsible for assessing and managing cybersecurity risks. Risks associated with cybersecurity are integrated into our overall enterprise-risk assessment and more closely monitored by our information technology security teams. We face ongoing cybersecurity risks that, if realized, could materially impact our business, operations and financial results. During the reporting period, we did not experience any cybersecurity incident that has had, or is reasonably likely to have, a material impact on our operations or financial results. Additional information on cybersecurity risks we face is discussed in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” under the heading “We have and may continue to experience security breaches and cyber threats.”

Our Board of Directors maintains ultimate oversight over risks associated with cybersecurity and receives updates at least annually from our Chief Information Security Officer. In addition, our Audit Committee, which is composed solely of independent directors, receives updates from our Chief Information Security Officer on a quarterly basis, and more frequently as appropriate, that provide additional detail about the steps we take to monitor and mitigate these risks.

Item 2: Properties

Not applicable.

Item 3: Legal Proceedings

Refer to Note 14 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for disclosures regarding our legal proceedings.

Item 4: Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

17

* * *

Table of Contents

PART II

Item 5:  Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Holders

There were approximately 574 holders of record of our common stock as of May 8, 2025. In addition, a significant number of beneficial owners of our common stock hold their shares in street name. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “EA”.

Dividends

Our quarterly cash dividend was $0.19 per share of common stock in fiscal year 2025. We paid aggregate cash dividends of $199 million during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025. We currently expect to continue to pay comparable cash dividends on a quarterly basis in the future; however, future declarations of dividends and the establishment of future record dates and payment dates are subject to the final determination of our Board of Directors or a designated Committee of our Board of Directors.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

In May 2024, the Company’s Audit Committee, upon delegation from the Company’s Board of Directors, authorized a new program to repurchase up to $5.0 billion of our common stock. This program expires on May 9, 2027. Under this program, we may purchase stock in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable securities laws, including pursuant to pre-arranged stock trading plans. The timing and actual amount of the stock repurchases will depend on several factors including price, capital availability, regulatory requirements, alternative investment opportunities and other market conditions. We are not obligated to repurchase a specific number of shares of our common stock under this program and it may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time. We are actively repurchasing shares under this program.

In February 2025, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement (the “ASR Agreement”) with Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC., under which we purchased an aggregate of $1.0 billion of our common stock as part of the May 2024 repurchase program. Final settlement of the ASR Agreement occurred on April 25, 2025. Refer to Note 15 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details on the ASR Agreement. 

The following table summarizes the number of shares repurchased in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025:| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Fiscal Month| | Total Number of Shares Purchased| | Average Price Paid per Share| | Total Number of Shares Purchased as part of Publicly Announced Programs| | Maximum Dollar Value that May Still Be Purchased Under the Programs   
(in millions)  
December 29, 2024 - January 25, 2025| | 723,537 | | | $| 142.12 | | | 723,537 | | | $| 3,925 |   
January 26, 2025 - February 22, 2025| | | | | | | |   
Accelerated share repurchases(1)| | 6,131,678 | | | $| — | | | 6,131,678 | | | $| 2,925 |   
Open market share repurchases| | 930,914 | | | $| 125.38 | | | 930,914 | | | $| 2,808 |   
February 23, 2025 - March 29, 2025| | | | | | | |   
Accelerated share repurchases(1)| | 836,443 | | | $| — | | | 836,443 | | | $| 2,808 |   
Open market share repurchases| | 1,130,049 | | | $| 137.74 | | | 1,130,049 | | | $| 2,652 |   
| | 9,752,621 | | | | | 9,752,621 | | |   
(1)Subsequent to March 31, 2025, we settled the ASR Agreement, which resulted in total repurchases of 7.4 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $135.05.  

18

* * *

Table of Contents

Stock Performance Graph

The following information shall not be deemed to be “filed” with the SEC nor shall this information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as amended, except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference into a filing.

The following graph shows a five-year comparison of cumulative total returns during the period from March 31, 2020 through March 31, 2025, for our common stock, the S&P 500 Index (to which EA was added in July 2002), the Nasdaq Composite Index, and the RDG Technology Composite Index, each of which assumes an initial value of $100. Each measurement point is as of the end of each fiscal year. The performance of our stock depicted in the following graph is not necessarily indicative of the future performance of our stock.

| | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---  
*| Based on $100 invested on March 31, 2020 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends.  

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| March 31,  
| 2020| | 2021| | 2022| | 2023| | 2024| | 2025  
Electronic Arts Inc.| $| 100 | | | $| 135 | | | $| 127 | | | $| 122 | | | $| 135 | | | $| 148 |   
S&P 500 Index| 100 | | | 156 | | | 181 | | | 167 | | | 217 | | | 235 |   
Nasdaq Composite Index| 100 | | | 173 | | | 187 | | | 162 | | | 219 | | | 233 |   
RDG Technology Composite Index| 100 | | | 170 | | | 183 | | | 166 | | | 206 | | | 221 |   

Item 6: [Reserved]

19

* * *

Table of Contents

Item 7: Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

OVERVIEW

The following overview is a high-level discussion of our operating results, as well as some of the trends and drivers that affect our business. Management believes that an understanding of these trends and drivers provides important context for our results for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, as well as our future prospects. This summary is not intended to be exhaustive, nor is it intended to be a substitute for the detailed discussion and analysis provided elsewhere in this Form 10-K, including in the “Business” section and the “Risk Factors” above, the remainder of “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (“MD&A”)” or the Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes.

About Electronic Arts

Electronic Arts is a global leader in digital interactive entertainment. We develop, market, publish and deliver games, content and services that can be experienced on game consoles, PCs, and mobile devices. We create innovative games and experiences that deliver high-quality interactive entertainment and drive engagement across our global network of hundreds of millions of players. Through our live services offerings, we offer high-quality experiences designed to provide value to players and extend and enhance gameplay. These live services include extra content, subscription offerings and other revenue generated in addition to the sale of our full games. We are focusing on building games and experiences that grow the global online communities around our key franchises; deepening engagement through connecting interactive storytelling to key intellectual property; and harnessing our communities to grow in, around, and beyond our games.

Financial Results

Our key financial results for our fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 were as follows:

•Total net revenue was $7,463 million, down 1 percent year-over-year. 

•Live services and other net revenue was $5,461 million, down 2 percent year-over-year.

•Gross margin was 79.3 percent, up 2 percentage points year-over-year.

•Operating expenses were $4,400 million, up 2 percent year-over-year. 

•Operating income was $1,520 million, flat year-over-year.

•Net income was $1,121 million with diluted earnings per share of $4.25.

•Net cash provided by operating activities was $2,079 million, down 10 percent year-over-year.

•Total cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were $2,248 million.

•We returned $2,699 million to stockholders through our capital return programs, repurchasing 17.6 million shares for approximately $2,500 million and returning $199 million through our quarterly cash dividend program.

Trends in Our Business

Live Services Business. We offer our players high-quality experiences designed to provide value to players and to extend and enhance gameplay. These live services include extra content, subscription offerings and other revenue generated in addition to the sale of our full games and free-to-play games. Our net revenue attributable to live services and other was $5,461 million, $5,547 million, and $5,489 million for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and we expect that live services net revenue will continue to be material to our business. Within live services and other, net revenue attributable to extra content was $4,365 million, $4,463 million, and $4,277 million for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Growth in live services net revenue, including extra content may not be linear due to the competitive landscape, consumer buying patterns, and other factors. Our most popular live services are the extra content in the Ultimate Team mode associated with our sports franchises. Ultimate Team allows players to collect current and former players in order to build and compete as a personalized team. Live services net revenue generated from extra content purchased within Ultimate Team, a substantial portion of which was derived from FC Ultimate Team, is material to our business.

Digital Delivery of Games. In our industry, players increasingly purchase games digitally as opposed to purchasing physical discs. While this trend, as applied to our business, may not be linear due to a mix of products during a fiscal year, consumer buying patterns and other factors, over time we expect players to continue to purchase a higher proportion of our games digitally. As a result, we expect net revenue attributable to digital full game downloads to increase over time and net revenue attributable to sales of packaged goods to decrease.

Our net revenue attributable to digital full game downloads was $1,478 million, $1,343 million, and $1,262 million during fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively; while our net revenue attributable to packaged goods sales was $524 million, 

20

* * *

Table of Contents

$672 million, and $675 million in fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. In addition, as measured based on total units sold on Microsoft’s Xbox One and Xbox Series X and Sony’s PlayStation 4 and 5 rather than by net revenue, we estimate that 78 percent, 73 percent, and 68 percent of our total units sold during fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, were sold digitally. Digital full game units are based on sales information provided by Microsoft and Sony; packaged goods units sold through are estimated by obtaining data from significant retail and distribution partners in North America, Europe and Asia, and applying internal sales estimates with respect to retail partners from which we do not obtain data. We believe that these percentages are reasonable estimates of the proportion of our games that are digitally downloaded in relation to our total number of units sold for the applicable period of measurement.

Increases in consumer adoption of digital purchase of games combined with increases in our live services revenue generally results in expansion of our gross margin, as costs associated with selling a game digitally are generally less than selling the same game through traditional retail and distribution channels.

Increased Competition. Competition in our business is intense. Our competitors range from established interactive entertainment companies to emerging start-ups. In addition, we compete with large, diversified companies that have strengthened their interactive entertainment capabilities. Our competitors have access to certain resources such as larger budgets, tools, technologies, or IP portfolios that can lead to greater consumer success and shift player time and engagement away from our products and services. In addition, our leading position within the interactive entertainment industry makes us a prime target for recruiting our executives, as well as key creative and technical talent, resulting in retention challenges and increased cost to retain and incentivize our key people.

Concentration of Sales Among the Most Popular Games. In our industry, we see a large portion of games sales concentrated on the most popular titles. Similarly, a significant portion of our revenue has been derived from games based on a few popular titles, such as EA SPORTS FC, EA SPORTS College Football, EA SPORTS Madden NFL, Apex Legends, Battlefield, and The Sims. In particular, we have historically derived a significant portion of our net revenue from our global football franchise, the annualized version of which is consistently one of the best-selling games in the marketplace. 

Net Bookings. In order to improve transparency into our business, we disclose an operating performance metric, net bookings. Net bookings is defined as the net amount of products and services sold digitally or sold-in physically in the period. Net bookings is calculated by adding total net revenue to the change in deferred net revenue for online-enabled games.

The following is a calculation of our total net bookings for the periods presented:| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended March 31,  
(In millions)| 2025| | 2024  
Net revenue| $| 7,463 | | | $| 7,562 |   
Change in deferred net revenue (online-enabled games)| (108)| | | (132)|   
Net bookings| $| 7,355 | | | $| 7,430 |   

Net bookings were $7,355 million for fiscal year 2025 primarily driven by sales related to our global football, American football, and The Sims franchises. Net bookings decreased $75 million or 1 percent as compared to fiscal year 2024 primarily due to the prior year release of Star Wars Jedi: Survivor, a year-over-year decrease in sales of extra content for Apex Legends, and a year-over-year decrease in sales related to our global football franchise, partially offset by increased sales from our American football franchises, driven by EA SPORTS College Football 25, and the release of Split Fiction. Live services and other net bookings were $5,338 million for fiscal year 2025, and decreased $87 million or 2 percent as compared to fiscal year 2024. The decrease in live services and other net bookings was due primarily to decreased sales of extra content from Apex Legends and from Ultimate Team within our global football franchise, partially offset by increased sales of extra content from Ultimate Team within our American football franchises, driven by EA SPORTS College Football 25, and global football mobile extra content sales. Full game net bookings were $2,017 million for fiscal year 2025, and increased $12 million or less than 1 percent as compared to fiscal year 2024 primarily due to a year-over-year increase in sales of our American football franchises, driven by EA SPORTS College Football 25, and the releases of Split Fiction and Dragon Age: The Veilguard, partially offset by the prior year release of Star Wars Jedi: Survivor, legacy FIFA titles within our global football franchise, and softness in EA SPORTS FC 25 full game sales. 

21

* * *

Table of Contents

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

Our Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”). The preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, contingent assets and liabilities, and revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. The policies discussed below are considered by management to be critical because they are not only important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations, but also because application and interpretation of these policies requires both management judgment and estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain and unknown. As a result, actual results may differ materially from our estimates.

Revenue Recognition

We derive revenue principally from sales of our games, and related extra content and services that can be experienced on game consoles, PCs, and mobile devices. Our product and service offerings include, but are not limited to, the following:

•full games with both online and offline functionality (“Games with Services”), which generally includes (1) the initial game delivered digitally or via physical disc at the time of sale and typically provide access to offline core game content (“software license”); (2) updates on a when-and-if-available basis, such as software patches or updates, and/or additional free content to be delivered in the future (“future update rights”); and (3) a hosted connection for online playability (“online hosting”);

•full games with online-only functionality which require an Internet connection to access all gameplay and functionality (“Online-Hosted Service Games”);

•extra content related to Games with Services and Online-Hosted Service Games which provides access to additional in-game content;

•subscriptions, such as EA Play and EA Play Pro, that generally offer access to a selection of full games, in-game content, online services and other benefits typically for a recurring monthly or annual fee; and

•licensing to third parties to distribute and host our games and content.

We evaluate and recognize revenue by:

•identifying the contract(s) with the customer;

•identifying the performance obligations in the contract;

•determining the transaction price;

•allocating the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and

•recognizing revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied through the transfer of a promised good or service to a customer (i.e., “transfer of control”).

Certain of our full game and/or extra content are sold to resellers with a contingency that the full game and/or extra content cannot be resold prior to a specific date (“Street Date Contingency”). We recognize revenue for transactions that have a Street Date Contingency when the Street Date Contingency is removed and the full game and/or extra content can be resold by the reseller. For digital full game and/or extra content downloads sold to customers, we recognize revenue when the full game and/or extra content is made available for download to the customer.

Online-Enabled Games

Games with Services. Our sales of Games with Services are evaluated to determine whether the software license, future update rights and the online hosting are distinct and separable. Sales of Games with Services are generally determined to have three distinct performance obligations: software license, future update rights, and the online hosting.

Since we do not sell the performance obligations on a stand-alone basis, we consider market conditions and other observable inputs to estimate the stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation. For Games with Services, generally 75 percent of the sales price is allocated to the software license performance obligation and recognized at a point in time when control of the license has been transferred to the customer. The remaining 25 percent is allocated to the future update rights and the online hosting performance obligations and recognized ratably as the service is provided (over the Estimated Offering Period).

22

* * *

Table of Contents

Online-Hosted Service Games. Sales of our Online-Hosted Service Games are determined to have one distinct performance obligation: the online hosting. We recognize revenue from these arrangements ratably as the service is provided (over the Estimated Offering Period).

Extra Content. Revenue received from sales of downloadable content are derived primarily from the sale of virtual currencies and digital in-game content that are designed to extend and enhance players’ game experience. Sales of extra content are accounted for in a manner consistent with the treatment for our Games with Services and Online-Hosted Service Games as discussed above, depending upon whether or not the extra content has offline functionality. That is, if the extra content has offline functionality, then the extra content is accounted for similarly to Games with Services (generally determined to have three distinct performance obligations: software license, future update rights, and the online hosting). If the extra content does not have offline functionality, then the extra content is determined to have one distinct performance obligation: the online-hosted service.

Subscriptions

Sales of our subscriptions are determined to have one performance obligation: the online hosting. We recognize revenue from these arrangements ratably over the subscription term as the performance obligation is satisfied.

Licensing Revenue

We utilize third-party licensees to distribute and host our games and content in accordance with license agreements, for which the licensees typically pay us a fixed minimum guarantee and/or sales-based royalties. These arrangements typically include multiple performance obligations, such as a time-based license of software and future update rights. We recognize as revenue a portion of the minimum guarantee when we transfer control of the license of software (generally upon commercial launch) and the remaining portion ratably over the contractual term in which we provide the licensee with future update rights. Any sales-based royalties are generally recognized as the related sales occur by the licensee.

Significant Judgments around Revenue Arrangements

Identifying performance obligations. Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods and services that will be transferred to the customer that are both capable of being distinct, (i.e., the customer can benefit from the goods or services either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available), and are distinct in the context of the contract (i.e., it is separately identifiable from other goods or services in the contract). To the extent a contract includes multiple promises, we must apply judgment to determine whether those promises are separate and distinct performance obligations. If these criteria are not met, the promises are accounted for as a combined performance obligation.

Determining the transaction price. The transaction price is determined based on the consideration that we will be entitled to receive in exchange for transferring our goods and services to the customer. Determining the transaction price often requires judgment, based on an assessment of contractual terms and business practices. It further includes review of variable consideration such as discounts, sales returns, price protection, and rebates, which is estimated at the time of the transaction. In addition, the transaction price does not include an estimate of the variable consideration related to sales-based royalties. Sales-based royalties are recognized as the sales occur.

Allocating the transaction price. Allocating the transaction price requires that we determine an estimate of the relative stand-alone selling price for each distinct performance obligation. Determining the relative stand-alone selling price is inherently subjective, especially in situations where we do not sell the performance obligation on a stand-alone basis (which occurs in the majority of our transactions). In those situations, we determine the relative stand-alone selling price based on various observable inputs using all information that is reasonably available. Examples of observable inputs and information include: historical internal pricing data, cost plus margin analysis, pre-release versus post-release costs, and pricing data from competitors to the extent the data is available. The results of our analysis resulted in a specific percentage of the transaction price being allocated to each performance obligation.

Determining the Estimated Offering Period. The offering period is the period in which we offer to provide the future update rights and/or online hosting for the game and related extra content sold. Because the offering period is not an explicitly defined period, we must make an estimate of the offering period for the service-related performance obligations (i.e., future update rights and online hosting). Determining the Estimated Offering Period is inherently subjective and is subject to regular revision. Generally, we consider the average period of time customers are online when estimating the offering period. We also consider the estimated period of time between the date a game unit is sold to a reseller and the date the reseller sells the game unit to the customer (i.e., time in channel). Based on these two factors, we then consider the method of distribution. For example, games 

23

* * *

Table of Contents

and extra content sold at retail would have a composite offering period equal to the online gameplay period plus time in channel as opposed to digitally-distributed games and extra content which are delivered immediately via digital download and therefore, the offering period is estimated to be only the online gameplay period.

Additionally, we consider results from prior analyses, known and expected online gameplay trends, as well as disclosed service periods for competitors’ games in determining the Estimated Offering Period for future sales. We believe this provides a reasonable depiction of the transfer of future update rights and online hosting to our customers, as it is the best representation of the time period during which our games and extra content are experienced. We recognize revenue for future update rights and online hosting performance obligations ratably on a straight-line basis over this period as there is a consistent pattern of delivery for these performance obligations. Revenue for service-related performance obligations for digitally-distributed games and extra content is recognized over an estimated eight-month period beginning in the month of sale, revenue for service-related performance obligations for games and extra content sold through retail is recognized over an estimated ten-month period beginning in the month of sale, and revenue for service related performance obligations related to our PC and console free-to-play games is recognized generally over a twelve-month period beginning in the month of sale. 

Principal Agent Considerations

We evaluate sales to end customers of our full games and related content via third-party storefronts, including digital storefronts such as Microsoft’s Xbox Store, Sony’s PlayStation Store, Apple App Store, and Google Play Store, in order to determine whether or not we are acting as the principal in the sale to the end customer, which we consider in determining if revenue should be reported gross or net of fees retained by the third-party storefront. An entity is the principal if it controls a good or service before it is transferred to the end customer. Key indicators that we evaluate in determining gross versus net treatment include but are not limited to the following:

•the underlying contract terms and conditions between the various parties to the transaction;

•which party is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service to the end customer;

•which party has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or service; and

•which party has title risk before the specified good or service has been transferred to the end customer.

Based on an evaluation of the above indicators, except as discussed below, we have determined that generally the third party is considered the principal to end customers for the sale of our full games and related content. We therefore report revenue related to these arrangements net of the fees retained by the storefront. However, for sales arrangements via Apple App Store and Google Play Store, EA is considered the principal to the end customer and thus, we report revenue on a gross basis and mobile platform fees are reported within cost of revenue.

Income Taxes

We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for both (1) the expected impact of differences between the financial statement amount and the tax basis of assets and liabilities and (2) the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax losses and tax credit carryforwards. We do not recognize any deferred taxes related to the U.S. taxes on foreign earnings as we recognize these taxes as a period cost. 

We record a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets when it is considered more likely than not that all or a portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. In making this determination, we are required to give significant weight to evidence that can be objectively verified. It is generally difficult to conclude that a valuation allowance is not needed when there is significant negative evidence, such as cumulative losses in recent years. Forecasts of future taxable income are considered to be less objective than past results. Therefore, cumulative losses weigh heavily in the overall assessment.

In addition to considering forecasts of future taxable income, we are also required to evaluate and quantify other possible sources of taxable income in order to assess the realization of our deferred tax assets, namely the reversal of existing deferred tax liabilities, the carryback of losses and credits as allowed under current tax law, and the implementation of tax planning strategies. Evaluating and quantifying these amounts involves significant judgments. Each source of income must be evaluated based on all positive and negative evidence and this evaluation may involve assumptions about future activity. Certain taxable temporary differences that are not expected to reverse during the carry forward periods permitted by tax law cannot be considered as a source of future taxable income that may be available to realize the benefit of deferred tax assets.

Every quarter, we perform a realizability analysis to evaluate whether it is more likely than not that all or a portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. Our Swiss deferred tax asset realizability analysis relies upon future Swiss taxable 

24

* * *

Table of Contents

income, and considers all available sources of Swiss income based on positive and negative evidence. We give more weight to evidence that can be objectively verified. However, estimating future Swiss taxable income requires judgment, specifically related to assumptions about expected growth rates of future Swiss taxable income, which are based primarily on third party market and industry growth data. Actual results that differ materially from those estimates could have a material impact on our valuation allowance assessment. Swiss interest rates have an impact on the valuation allowance and are based on published Swiss guidance, which generally occurs in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year. Any significant changes to such interest rates could result in a material impact to the valuation allowance and to our Consolidated Financial Statements. We have adjusted our valuation allowance for changes in the published interest rates in the past and we may do so again in the future. Switzerland has a seven-year carryforward period and does not permit the carry back of losses. Actions we take in connection with acquisitions could also impact the utilization of our Swiss deferred tax asset. 

As part of the process of preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements, we are required to estimate our income taxes in each jurisdiction in which we operate prior to the completion and filing of tax returns for such periods. This process requires estimating both our geographic mix of income and our uncertain tax positions in each jurisdiction where we operate. These estimates require us to make judgments about the likely application of the tax law to our situation, as well as with respect to other matters, such as anticipating the positions that we will take on tax returns prior to preparing the returns and the outcomes of disputes with tax authorities. The ultimate resolution of these issues may take extended periods of time due to examinations by tax authorities and statutes of limitations. In addition, changes in our business, including acquisitions, changes in our international corporate structure, changes in the geographic location of business functions or assets, changes in the geographic mix and amount of income, as well as changes in our agreements with tax authorities, valuation allowances, applicable accounting rules, applicable tax laws and regulations, rulings and interpretations thereof, developments in tax audit and other matters, and variations in the estimated and actual level of annual pre-tax income can affect the overall effective tax rate.

IMPACT OF RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

The information under the subheading “Recently Issued Accounting Standards” in Note 1 — Description of Business and Basis of Presentation to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K is incorporated by reference into this Item 7.

25

* * *

Table of Contents

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Our fiscal year is reported on a 52- or 53-week period that ends on the Saturday nearest March 31. Our results of operations for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 contained 52 weeks and ended on March 29, 2025. Our results of operations for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024 contained 52 weeks and ended on March 30, 2024. For simplicity of disclosure, all fiscal periods are referred to as ending on a calendar month end.

Net Revenue

Net revenue consists of sales generated from (1) full games sold as digital downloads or as packaged goods and designed for play on game consoles and PCs, (2) live services which primarily includes sales of extra content for console, PC, and mobile games, (3) subscriptions that generally offer access to a selection of full games, in-game content, online services and other benefits, and (4) licensing our games to third parties to distribute and host our games and content.

Comparison of Fiscal Year 2025 to Fiscal Year 2024

Net Revenue

Net revenue for fiscal year 2025 was $7,463 million, primarily driven by sales related to our global football and American football franchises, Apex Legends, and The Sims 4. Net revenue for fiscal year 2025 decreased $99 million, as compared to fiscal year 2024. This decrease was driven by a $789 million decrease in net revenue primarily due to decreased sales of extra content for Apex Legends and the prior year release of Star Wars Jedi: Survivor, partially offset by a $690 million increase in net revenue primarily from our American football franchises, driven by EA SPORTS College Football 25.

Net Revenue by Composition

Our net revenue by composition for fiscal years 2025 and 2024 was as follows (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024| | $ Change| | % Change  
Net revenue:| | | | | | |   
Full game downloads| $| 1,478 | | | $| 1,343 | | | $| 135 | | | 10 | %  
Packaged goods| 524 | | | 672 | | | (148)| | | (22)| %  
Full game| $| 2,002 | | | $| 2,015 | | | $| (13)| | | (1)| %  
| | | | | | |   
Live services and other| $| 5,461 | | | $| 5,547 | | | $| (86)| | | (2)| %  
Total net revenue| $| 7,463 | | | $| 7,562 | | | $| (99)| | | (1)| %  

Full Game Net Revenue

Full game net revenue includes full game downloads and packaged goods. Full game downloads primarily include revenue from digital sales of full games on console, PC, and certain licensing revenue. Packaged goods primarily includes revenue from full games that are sold physically to mass market retailers, specialty stores and through distribution arrangements.

Full game net revenue for fiscal year 2025 was $2,002 million, primarily driven by EA SPORTS FC 25, EA SPORTS College Football 25, EA SPORTS FC 24, and EA SPORTS Madden NFL 25. Full game net revenue for fiscal year 2025 decreased $13 million, or 1 percent, as compared to fiscal year 2024. This decrease was primarily driven by the prior year release of Star Wars Jedi: Survivor, and legacy FIFA titles within our global football franchise, partially offset by our American football franchises driven by EA SPORTS College Football 25 and our EA SPORTS FC franchise. 

Live Services and Other Net Revenue

Live services and other net revenue primarily includes revenue from sales of extra content for console, PC, and mobile games, certain licensing revenue, subscriptions, and advertising.

Live services and other net revenue for fiscal year 2025 was $5,461 million, primarily driven by sales of extra content for our global football and American football franchises, Apex Legends, and The Sims 4. Live services and other net revenue for fiscal 

26

* * *

Table of Contents

year 2025 decreased $86 million, or 2 percent, as compared to fiscal year 2024. This decrease was primarily driven by decreased sales of extra content for Apex Legends and from sunset mobile titles, partially offset by an increase in net revenue primarily driven by sales of extra content for Ultimate Team within our American football and global football franchises

Cost of Revenue

Cost of revenue consists of (1) certain royalty expenses for sports organizations, movie studios, independent software developers, and others (2) mobile platform fees associated with our mobile revenue (for transactions in which we are acting as the principal in the sale to the end customer), (3) data center, bandwidth and server costs associated with hosting our online games and websites, (4) inventory costs, including manufacturing royalties, (5) payment processing fees, (6) amortization and impairments of certain intangible assets, and (7) personnel-related costs.

Cost of revenue for fiscal years 2025 and 2024 was as follows (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
March 31,  
2025| | % of Net  
Revenue| | March 31,  
2024| | % of Net  
Revenue| | % Change| | Change as a % of Net Revenue  
$| 1,543 | | | 21 | %| | $| 1,710 | | | 23 | %| | (10)| %| | (2)| %  

Cost of revenue decreased by $167 million, and by 2 percent as a percentage of total net revenue, during fiscal year 2025 as compared to fiscal year 2024. The decrease was primarily due to a year-over-year decrease in product related and royalty costs associated with our EA SPORTS FC franchise, a decrease in platform and online hosting fees, and a decrease in acquisition-related intangible asset amortization and impairment, partially offset by a net increase in royalty costs due to the mix of sales from other royalty bearing titles.

Research and Development

Research and development expenses consist of expenses incurred by our production studios for personnel-related costs, related overhead costs, external third-party development costs, contracted services, and depreciation. Research and development expenses for our online products include expenses incurred by our studios consisting of direct development and related overhead costs in connection with the development and production of our online games. Research and development expenses also include expenses associated with our digital platform, software licenses and maintenance, and management overhead.

Research and development expenses for fiscal years 2025 and 2024 were as follows (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
March 31,  
2025| | % of Net  
Revenue| | March 31,  
2024| | % of Net  
Revenue| | $ Change| | % Change  
$| 2,569 | | | 34 | %| | $| 2,420 | | | 32 | %| | $| 149 | | | 6 | %  

Research and development expenses increased by $149 million, or 6 percent, in fiscal year 2025, as compared to fiscal year 2024. This increase was primarily due to a $67 million increase in personnel-related costs as part of our continued investment in our studios, a $39 million increase in stock-based compensation, and an $11 million increase in contracted services.

Marketing and Sales

Marketing and sales expenses consist of advertising, marketing and promotional expenses, personnel-related costs, and related overhead costs, net of qualified advertising cost reimbursements from third parties.

Marketing and sales expenses for fiscal years 2025 and 2024 were as follows (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
March 31,  
2025| | % of Net  
Revenue| | March 31,  
2024| | % of Net  
Revenue| | $ Change| | % Change  
$| 962 | | | 13 | %| | $| 1,019 | | | 13 | %| | $| (57)| | | (6)| %  

Marketing and sales expenses decreased by $57 million, or 6 percent, in fiscal year 2025, as compared to fiscal year 2024. This decrease was primarily due to a decrease in advertising and promotional spending related to Star Wars Jedi: Survivor, and Apex Legends, partially offset by an increase in advertising and promotional spending related to the release of Dragon Age: The Veilguard in fiscal year 2025.

General and Administrative

27

* * *

Table of Contents

General and administrative expenses consist of personnel and related expenses of executive and administrative staff, corporate functions such as finance, legal, human resources, and information technology (“IT”), related overhead costs, fees for professional services, and allowances for doubtful accounts.

General and administrative expenses for fiscal years 2025 and 2024 were as follows (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
March 31,  
2025| | % of Net  
Revenue| | March 31,  
2024| | % of Net  
Revenue| | $ Change| | % Change  
$| 745 | | | 10 | %| | $| 691 | | | 9 | %| | $| 54 | | | 8 | %  

General and administrative expenses increased by $54 million, or 8 percent, in fiscal year 2025, as compared to fiscal year 2024. This increase was primarily due to a $20 million increase in personnel-related costs, a $9 million increase in stock-based compensation, and a $13 million increase in IT and facility-related costs.

Income Taxes

Provision for income taxes for fiscal years 2025 and 2024 was as follows (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
March 31, 2025| | Effective Tax Rate| | March 31, 2024| | Effective Tax Rate  
$| 484 | | | 30.2 | %| | $| 316 | | | 19.9 | %  

Our effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 was 30.2 percent as compared to 19.9 percent in fiscal year 2024.

During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, we recognized a $51 million tax charge to increase the valuation allowance on Swiss deferred tax assets as a result of various factors including our business operations, geographical income mix, and an increase in the Swiss interest rates. Excluding the effect of the change in valuation allowance, the effective tax rate for fiscal year 2025 would have been 27.0 percent.

During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, we recognized a $92 million tax benefit to remeasure our Swiss deferred tax assets as a result of an increase in the Swiss statutory tax rate. In addition, we recognized a lower period cost for U.S. tax on our non-U.S. earnings, including a cumulative one-time benefit, due to R&D capitalization guidance issued by the U.S. Treasury during the fiscal year. Excluding the effects of these items, the effective tax rate for fiscal year 2024 would have been 26.7 percent.

Our effective tax rates for future periods will continue to depend on a variety of factors, including changes in our business, such as acquisitions and intercompany transactions, our corporate structure, the geographic location of business functions or assets, the geographic mix of income, our agreements with tax authorities, applicable accounting rules, applicable tax laws and regulations, rulings and interpretations thereof, developments in tax audit and other matters, and variations in our annual pre-tax income or loss. We anticipate that the impact of excess tax benefits, tax deficiencies, and changes in valuation allowances may result in significant fluctuations to our effective tax rate in the future.

Comparison of Fiscal Year 2024 to Fiscal Year 2023

For the comparison of fiscal year 2024 to fiscal year 2023, refer to Part II, Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on May 22, 2024 under the subheading “Comparison of Fiscal Year 2024 to Fiscal Year 2023.”

28

* * *

Table of Contents

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of March 31,| |   
(In millions)| 2025| | 2024| | Increase/(Decrease)  
Cash and cash equivalents| $| 2,136 | | | $| 2,900 | | | $| (764)|   
Short-term investments| 112 | | | 362 | | | (250)|   
Total| $| 2,248 | | | $| 3,262 | | | $| (1,014)|   
Percentage of total assets| 18 | %| | 24 | %| |   
| | | | |   
| Year Ended March 31,| |   
(In millions)| 2025| | 2024| | Change  
Net cash provided by operating activities| $| 2,079 | | | $| 2,315 | | | $| (236)|   
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities| 37 | | | (207)| | | 244 |   
Net cash used in financing activities| (2,863)| | | (1,624)| | | (1,239)|   
Effect of foreign exchange on cash and cash equivalents| (17)| | | (8)| | | (9)|   
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents| $| (764)| | | $| 476 | | | $| (1,240)|   

For the comparison of fiscal year 2024 to fiscal year 2023, refer to Part II, Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on May 22, 2024 under the subheading “Liquidity and Capital Resources.”

Changes in Cash Flow

Operating Activities. Net cash provided by operating activities decreased by $236 million during fiscal year 2025, as compared to fiscal year 2024, primarily driven by lower cash collections from sales and higher cash payments for income taxes, partially offset by lower royalty, marketing, and advertising payments.

Investing Activities. Net cash provided by investing activities increased by $244 million during fiscal year 2025, as compared to fiscal year 2024, primarily driven by a $203 million decrease in the purchase of short-term investments and a $63 million increase in proceeds from maturities and sales of short-term investments, partially offset by a $22 million increase in capital expenditures.

Financing Activities. Net cash used in financing activities increased by $1,239 million during fiscal year 2025, as compared to fiscal year 2024, primarily due to a $1,208 million increase in common stock repurchases and excise tax payments, and a $38 million increase in cash paid to taxing authorities in connection with withholding taxes for stock-based compensation.

Short-term Investments

Due to our mix of fixed and variable rate securities, our short-term investment portfolio is susceptible to changes in short-term interest rates. As of March 31, 2025, our short-term investments had net unrealized gains of less than $1 million or less than 1 percent of total short-term investments. From time to time, we may liquidate some or all of our short-term investments to fund operational needs or other activities, such as capital expenditures, business acquisitions or stock repurchase programs.

Senior Notes

In February 2021, we issued $750 million aggregate principal amount of the 2031 Notes and $750 million aggregate principal amount of the 2051 Notes. The effective interest rate is 1.98% for the 2031 Notes and 3.04% for the 2051 Notes. Interest is payable semiannually in arrears, on February 15 and August 15 of each year.

In February 2016, we issued $400 million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes. The effective interest rate is 4.97% for the 2026 Notes. Interest is payable semiannually in arrears, on March 1 and September 1 of each year.

See Note 12 — Financing Arrangements to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K as it relates to our Senior Notes, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 7.

29

* * *

Table of Contents

Credit Facility

On March 22, 2023, we entered into a $500 million unsecured revolving credit facility (the "Credit Facility") with a syndicate of banks. The Credit Facility terminates on March 22, 2028 unless the maturity is extended in accordance with its terms. As of March 31, 2025, no amounts were outstanding. The Credit Facility contains an option to arrange with existing lenders and/or new lenders to provide up to an aggregate of $500 million in additional commitments for revolving loans. Proceeds of loans made under the Credit Facility may be used for general corporate purposes. See Note 12 — Financing Arrangements to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K as it relates to our Credit Facility, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 7.

Financial Condition

Our material cash requirements, including commitments for capital expenditure, as of March 31, 2025 are set forth in our Note 14 — Commitments and Contingencies to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 7. We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $225 million in fiscal year 2026 primarily due to investments in hardware, software, and real estate. We believe that our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash generated from operations and available financing facilities will be sufficient to meet these material cash requirements, which include licensing intellectual property from sports organizations and players associations used in our EA SPORTS titles and third-party content, debt repayment obligations of $1.9 billion, and to fund our operating requirements for the next 12 months and beyond. Our operating requirements include working capital requirements, capital expenditures, our capital return programs, and potentially, future acquisitions or strategic investments. We may choose at any time to raise additional capital to repay debt, strengthen our financial position, facilitate expansion, repurchase our stock, pursue strategic acquisitions and investments, and/or to take advantage of business opportunities as they arise. There can be no assurance, however, that such additional capital will be available to us on favorable terms, if at all, or that it will not result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders.

During fiscal year 2025, we returned $2,699 million to stockholders through our capital return programs, repurchasing 17.6 million shares for approximately $2,500 million and returning $199 million through our quarterly cash dividend program.

Our foreign subsidiaries are generally subject to U.S. tax, and to the extent earnings from these subsidiaries can be repatriated without a material tax cost, such earnings will not be indefinitely reinvested. As of March 31, 2025, approximately $1.1 billion of our cash and cash equivalents were domiciled in foreign tax jurisdictions. All of our foreign cash is available for repatriation without a material tax cost.

We have a “shelf” registration statement on Form S-3 on file with the SEC. This shelf registration statement, which includes a base prospectus, allows us at any time to offer any combination of securities described in the prospectus in one or more offerings. Unless otherwise specified in a prospectus supplement accompanying the base prospectus, we would use the net proceeds from the sale of any securities offered pursuant to the shelf registration statement for general corporate purposes, which may include funding for working capital, financing capital expenditures, research and development, marketing and distribution efforts, and if opportunities arise, for acquisitions or strategic alliances. Pending such uses, we may invest the net proceeds in interest bearing securities. In addition, we may conduct concurrent or other financings at any time.

Our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity could be affected by various risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, customer demand and acceptance of our products, our ability to collect our accounts receivable as they become due, successfully achieving our product release schedules and attaining our forecasted sales objectives, economic conditions in the United States and abroad, the impact of acquisitions and other strategic transactions in which we may engage, the impact of competition, the seasonal and cyclical nature of our business and operating results, and the other risks described in the “Risk Factors” section, included in Part I, Item 1A of this report.

As of March 31, 2025, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.

30

* * *

Table of Contents

Item 7A: Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

MARKET RISK

We are exposed to various market risks, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and market prices, which have experienced significant volatility. Market risk is the potential loss arising from changes in market rates and market prices. We employ established policies and practices to manage these risks. Foreign currency forward contracts are used to hedge anticipated exposures or mitigate some existing exposures subject to foreign exchange risk as discussed below. While we do not hedge our short-term investment portfolio, we protect our short-term investment portfolio against different market risks, including interest rate risk as discussed below. Our cash and cash equivalents portfolio consists of highly liquid investments with insignificant interest rate risk and original or remaining maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase. We do not enter into derivatives or other financial instruments for speculative trading purposes and do not hedge our market price risk relating to marketable equity securities, if any.

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk

Foreign Currency Exchange Rates. International sales are a fundamental part of our business, and the strengthening of the U.S. dollar (particularly relative to the Euro, British pound sterling, Australian dollar, Japanese yen, Chinese yuan, South Korean won and Polish zloty) has a negative impact on our reported international net revenue, but a positive impact on our reported international operating expenses (particularly the Swedish krona and the Canadian dollar) because these amounts are translated at lower rates as compared to periods in which the U.S. dollar is weaker. While we use foreign currency hedging contracts to mitigate some foreign currency exchange risk, these activities are limited in the protection that they provide us and can themselves result in losses.

Cash Flow Hedging Activities. We hedge a portion of our foreign currency risk related to forecasted foreign currency-denominated sales and expense transactions by purchasing foreign currency forward contracts that generally have maturities of 18 months or less. These transactions are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges. Our hedging programs are designed to reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the impact of currency exchange rate movements in net revenue and research and development expenses.

Balance Sheet Hedging Activities. We use foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate foreign currency exchange risk associated with foreign currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities, primarily intercompany receivables and payables. These foreign currency forward contracts generally have a contractual term of three months or less and are transacted near month-end.

We believe the counterparties to our foreign currency forward contracts are creditworthy multinational commercial banks. While we believe the risk of counterparty nonperformance is not material, a sustained decline in the financial stability of financial institutions as a result of disruption in the financial markets could affect our ability to secure creditworthy counterparties for our foreign currency hedging programs.

Notwithstanding our efforts to mitigate some foreign currency exchange risks, there can be no assurance that our hedging activities will adequately protect us against the risks associated with foreign currency fluctuations. As of March 31, 2025, a hypothetical adverse foreign currency exchange rate movement of 10 percent or 20 percent would have resulted in potential declines in the fair value on our foreign currency forward contracts used in cash flow hedging of $241 million or $481 million, respectively. As of March 31, 2025, a hypothetical adverse foreign currency exchange rate movement of 10 percent or 20 percent would have resulted in potential losses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations on our foreign currency forward contracts used in balance sheet hedging of $109 million or $217 million, respectively. This sensitivity analysis assumes an adverse shift of all foreign currency exchange rates; however, all foreign currency exchange rates do not always move in the same manner and actual results may differ materially. See Note 5 — Derivative Financial Instruments to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K as it relates to our derivative financial instruments, which is incorporated by reference into this Item 7A.

31

* * *

Table of Contents

Interest Rate Risk

Our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to our short-term investment portfolio. We manage our interest rate risk by maintaining an investment portfolio generally consisting of debt instruments of high credit quality and relatively short maturities. However, because short-term investments mature relatively quickly and, if reinvested, are invested at the then-current market rates, interest income on a portfolio consisting of short-term investments is subject to market fluctuations to a greater extent than a portfolio of longer term investments. Additionally, the contractual terms of the investments do not permit the issuer to call, prepay or otherwise settle the investments at prices less than the stated par value. Our investments are held for purposes other than trading. We do not use derivative financial instruments in our short-term investment portfolio.

As of March 31, 2025, our short-term investments were classified as available-for-sale securities and, consequently, were recorded at fair value with changes in fair value, including unrealized gains and unrealized losses not related to credit losses, reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, in stockholders’ equity.

Notwithstanding our efforts to manage interest rate risks, there can be no assurance that we will be adequately protected against risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. Changes in interest rates affect the fair value of our short-term investment portfolio. To provide a meaningful assessment of the interest rate risk associated with our short-term investment portfolio, we performed a sensitivity analysis to determine the impact a change in interest rates would have on the value of the portfolio assuming a 150 basis point parallel shift in the yield curve. As of March 31, 2025, a hypothetical 150 basis point increase in interest rates would have resulted in a $1 million, or 1 percent decrease in the fair market value of our short-term investments.

32

* * *

Table of Contents

Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

| | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Page  
Consolidated Financial Statements of Electronic Arts Inc. and Subsidiaries:|   
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2025 and 2024| 34  
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023| 35  
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023| 36  
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023| 37  
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023| 38  
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements| 39  
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (KPMG LLP, Santa Clara, CA, Auditor Firm ID: 185)| 78  
|   

33

* * *

Table of Contents

ELECTRONIC ARTS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
(In millions, except par value data)| March 31, 2025| | March 31, 2024  
ASSETS| | |   
Current assets:| | |   
Cash and cash equivalents| $| 2,136 | | | $| 2,900 |   
Short-term investments| 112 | | | 362 |   
Receivables, net| 679 | | | 565 |   
Other current assets| 349 | | | 420 |   
Total current assets| 3,276 | | | 4,247 |   
Property and equipment, net| 586 | | | 578 |   
Goodwill| 5,376 | | | 5,379 |   
Acquisition-related intangibles, net| 293 | | | 400 |   
Deferred income taxes, net| 2,420 | | | 2,380 |   
Other assets| 417 | | | 436 |   
TOTAL ASSETS| $| 12,368 | | | $| 13,420 |   
| | |   
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY| | |   
Current liabilities:| | |   
Accounts payable, accrued, and other current liabilities| $| 1,359 | | | $| 1,276 |   
Deferred net revenue (online-enabled games)| 1,700 | | | 1,814 |   
Senior notes, current, net| 400 | | | — |   
Total current liabilities| 3,459 | | | 3,090 |   
Senior notes, net| 1,484 | | | 1,882 |   
Income tax obligations| 594 | | | 497 |   
Other liabilities| 445 | | | 438 |   
Total liabilities| 5,982 | | | 5,907 |   
Commitments and contingencies (See Note 14)| | |   
Stockholders’ equity:| | |   
Preferred stock, $0.01 par value. 10 shares authorized| — | | | — |   
Common stock, $0.01 par value. 1,000 shares authorized; 252 and 266 shares issued and outstanding, respectively| 3 | | | 3 |   
Additional paid-in capital| — | | | — |   
Retained earnings| 6,470 | | | 7,582 |   
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)| (87)| | | (72)|   
Total stockholders’ equity| 6,386 | | | 7,513 |   
TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY| $| 12,368 | | | $| 13,420 |   

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

34

* * *

Table of Contents

ELECTRONIC ARTS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended March 31,  
(In millions, except per share data)| 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
Net revenue| $| 7,463 | | | $| 7,562 | | | $| 7,426 |   
Cost of revenue| 1,543 | | | 1,710 | | | 1,792 |   
Gross profit| 5,920 | | | 5,852 | | | 5,634 |   
Operating expenses:| | | | |   
Research and development| 2,569 | | | 2,420 | | | 2,328 |   
Marketing and sales| 962 | | | 1,019 | | | 978 |   
General and administrative| 745 | | | 691 | | | 727 |   
| | | | |   
Amortization and impairment of intangibles| 67 | | | 142 | | | 158 |   
Restructuring (See Note 8)| 57 | | | 62 | | | 111 |   
Total operating expenses| 4,400 | | | 4,334 | | | 4,302 |   
Operating income| 1,520 | | | 1,518 | | | 1,332 |   
Interest and other income (expense), net| 85 | | | 71 | | | (6)|   
Income before provision for income taxes| 1,605 | | | 1,589 | | | 1,326 |   
Provision for income taxes| 484 | | | 316 | | | 524 |   
Net income| $| 1,121 | | | $| 1,273 | | | $| 802 |   
Earnings per share:| | | | |   
Basic| $| 4.28 | | | $| 4.71 | | | $| 2.90 |   
Diluted| $| 4.25 | | | $| 4.68 | | | $| 2.88 |   
Number of shares used in computation:| | | | |   
Basic| 262 | | | 270 | | | 277 |   
Diluted| 264 | | | 272 | | | 278 |   

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

35

* * *

Table of Contents

ELECTRONIC ARTS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended March 31,  
(In millions)| 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
Net income| $| 1,121 | | | $| 1,273 | | | $| 802 |   
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax:| | | | |   
Net gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities| — | | | 1 | | | 2 |   
Net gains (losses) on derivative instruments| 1 | | | (3)| | | (34)|   
Foreign currency translation adjustments| (16)| | | (3)| | | (50)|   
Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax| (15)| | | (5)| | | (82)|   
Total comprehensive income| $| 1,106 | | | $| 1,268 | | | $| 720 |   

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

36

* * *

Table of Contents

ELECTRONIC ARTS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

(In millions, except share data in thousands)| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Common Stock| | Additional Paid-in  
Capital| | Retained  
Earnings| | Accumulated  
Other  
Comprehensive  
Income (Loss)| | Total  
Stockholders’  
Equity  
Shares| | Amount|   
Balances as of March 31, 2022| 280,051 | | | $| 3 | | | $| — | | | $| 7,607 | | | $| 15 | | | $| 7,625 |   
Total comprehensive income (loss)| — | | | — | | | — | | | 802 | | | (82)| | | 720 |   
Stock-based compensation| — | | | — | | | 548 | | | — | | | — | | | 548 |   
| | | | | | | | | | |   
Issuance of common stock| 3,311 | | | — | | | (95)| | | — | | | — | | | (95)|   
Common stock repurchases| (10,448)| | | — | | | (453)| | | (842)| | | — | | | (1,295)|   
Cash dividends declared ($0.76 per common share)| — | | | — | | | — | | | (210)| | | — | | | (210)|   
Balances as of March 31, 2023| 272,914 | | | $| 3 | | | $| — | | | $| 7,357 | | | $| (67)| | | $| 7,293 |   
Total comprehensive income (loss)| — | | | — | | | — | | | 1,273 | | | (5)| | | 1,268 |   
Stock-based compensation| — | | | — | | | 584 | | | — | | | — | | | 584 |   
Issuance of common stock| 3,496 | | | — | | | (119)| | | — | | | — | | | (119)|   
Common stock repurchases and excise tax| (9,995)| | | — | | | (465)| | | (843)| | | — | | | (1,308)|   
Cash dividends declared ($0.76 per common share)| — | | | — | | | — | | | (205)| | | — | | | (205)|   
Balances as of March 31, 2024| 266,415 | | | $| 3 | | | $| — | | | $| 7,582 | | | $| (72)| | | $| 7,513 |   
Total comprehensive income (loss)| — | | | — | | | — | | | 1,121 | | | (15)| | | 1,106 |   
Stock-based compensation| — | | | — | | | 642 | | | — | | | — | | | 642 |   
Issuance of common stock| 3,532 | | | — | | | (156)| | | — | | | — | | | (156)|   
Common stock repurchases and excise tax| (17,632)| | | — | | | (486)| | | (2,034)| | | — | | | (2,520)|   
Cash dividends declared ($0.76 per common share)| — | | | — | | | — | | | (199)| | | — | | | (199)|   
Balances as of March 31, 2025| 252,315 | | | $| 3 | | | $| — | | | $| 6,470 | | | $| (87)| | | $| 6,386 |   

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

37

* * *

Table of Contents

ELECTRONIC ARTS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended March 31,  
(In millions)| 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
OPERATING ACTIVITIES| | | | |   
Net income| $| 1,121 | | | $| 1,273 | | | $| 802 |   
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:| | | | |   
Depreciation, amortization, accretion and impairment| 356 | | | 404 | | | 536 |   
| | | | |   
Stock-based compensation| 642 | | | 584 | | | 548 |   
Change in assets and liabilities:| | | | |   
Receivables, net| (115)| | | 119 | | | (34)|   
Other assets| 40 | | | 148 | | | (103)|   
Accounts payable, accrued, and other liabilities| 190 | | | (208)| | | 144 |   
Deferred income taxes, net| (41)| | | 82 | | | (221)|   
Deferred net revenue (online-enabled games)| (114)| | | (87)| | | (122)|   
Net cash provided by operating activities| 2,079 | | | 2,315 | | | 1,550 |   
INVESTING ACTIVITIES| | | | |   
Capital expenditures| (221)| | | (199)| | | (207)|   
Proceeds from maturities and sales of short-term investments| 695 | | | 632 | | | 395 |   
Purchase of short-term investments| (437)| | | (640)| | | (405)|   
| | | | |   
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities| 37 | | | (207)| | | (217)|   
FINANCING ACTIVITIES| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
Proceeds from issuance of common stock| 78 | | | 77 | | | 80 |   
Cash dividends paid| (199)| | | (205)| | | (210)|   
Cash paid to taxing authorities for shares withheld from employees| (234)| | | (196)| | | (175)|   
Common stock repurchases and excise taxes paid| (2,508)| | | (1,300)| | | (1,295)|   
| | | | |   
Net cash used in financing activities| (2,863)| | | (1,624)| | | (1,600)|   
Effect of foreign exchange on cash and cash equivalents| (17)| | | (8)| | | (41)|   
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents| (764)| | | 476 | | | (308)|   
Beginning cash and cash equivalents| 2,900 | | | 2,424 | | | 2,732 |   
Ending cash and cash equivalents| $| 2,136 | | | $| 2,900 | | | $| 2,424 |   
Supplemental cash flow information:| | | | |   
Cash paid during the year for income taxes, net| $| 404 | | | $| 300 | | | $| 583 |   
Cash paid during the year for interest| 56 | | | 56 | | | 56 |   
Non-cash investing activities:| | | | |   
Change in accrued capital expenditures| $| — | | | $| 25 | | | $| (3)|   

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

38

* * *

Table of Contents

ELECTRONIC ARTS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(1) DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION

Electronic Arts is a global leader in digital interactive entertainment. We develop, market, publish and deliver games, content and services that can be experienced on game consoles, PCs, and mobile devices. We create innovative games and experiences that deliver high-quality interactive entertainment and drive engagement across our global network of hundreds of millions of players. Through our live services offerings, we offer high-quality experiences designed to provide value to players and extend and enhance gameplay. These live services include extra content, subscription offerings and other revenue generated in addition to the sale of our full games. We are focusing on building games and experiences that grow the global online communities around our key franchises; deepening engagement through connecting interactive storytelling to key intellectual property; and harnessing our communities to grow in, around, and beyond our games.

Consolidation

The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Electronic Arts Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Fiscal Year

Our fiscal year is reported on a 52- or 53-week period that ends on the Saturday nearest March 31. Our results of operations for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 contained 52 weeks and ended on March 29, 2025. Our results of operations for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, each contained 52 weeks and ended on March 30, 2024 and April 1, 2023, respectively. For simplicity of disclosure, all fiscal periods are referred to as ending on a calendar month end.

Use of Estimates

The preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”) requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes. Such estimates include offering periods for deferred net revenue, sales returns and allowances, provisions for doubtful accounts, accrued liabilities, relative stand-alone selling price for identified performance obligations in our revenue transactions, losses on royalty commitments, estimates regarding the recoverability of prepaid royalties, long-lived assets, discount rates used in the measurement and recognition of lease liabilities, assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations, certain estimates related to the measurement and recognition of costs resulting from our stock-based payment awards, unrecognized tax benefits, deferred income tax assets and associated valuation allowances, as well as estimates used in our goodwill, intangibles and short-term investment impairment tests. These estimates require us to make judgments, involve analysis of historical and future trends, can require extended periods of time to resolve, and are subject to change from period to period. In all cases, actual results could differ materially from our estimates.

Recently Adopted Accounting Standards

In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The amendments in this update expand annual and interim disclosure requirements for reportable segments, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. We adopted ASU 2023-07 in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025. The adoption did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 18 — Segment and Revenue Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail.

Recently Issued Accounting Standards

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvement to Income Tax Disclosures. The amendments further enhance income tax disclosures, primarily through standardization and disaggregation of rate reconciliation categories and income taxes paid by jurisdiction. This ASU is effective for our annual report for fiscal year 2026, with early adoption permitted, and should be applied either prospectively or retrospectively. We are currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on our Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures.

39

* * *

Table of Contents

In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses, which requires additional, disaggregated disclosure about certain income statement line items. This ASU is effective for our annual report for fiscal year 2028 and interim periods thereafter on a retrospective or prospective basis, with early adoption permitted. We are currently evaluating the timing of adoption and impact of this ASU on our Consolidated Financial Statements and related disclosures.

40

* * *

Table of Contents

(2) SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Short-Term Investments

Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with insignificant interest rate risk and original or remaining maturities of three months or less at the time of purchase.

Short-term investments consist of debt securities with original or remaining maturities of greater than three months at the time of purchase and less than a year, and are accounted for as available-for-sale securities and are recorded at fair value. Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments are available for use in current operations or other activities such as capital expenditures, business combinations and stock repurchases.

Unrealized gains and losses on our short-term investments are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders’ equity, net of tax, until either (1) the security is sold, (2) the security has matured, (3) we determine that the fair value of the security has declined below its adjusted cost basis and the decline is due to an expected credit loss, or (4) we intend to, or more likely than not would be required to, sell a security in an unrealized loss position before the recovery of its amortized cost basis. Realized gains and losses on our short-term investments are calculated based on the specific identification method and are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to interest and other income (expense), net. Determining whether a decline in fair value is due to an expected credit loss requires management judgment based on the specific facts and circumstances of each security. The ultimate value realized on these securities is subject to market price volatility until they are sold.

Our short-term investments are evaluated for allowances and impairment quarterly. For investments in an unrealized loss position, we consider various factors in determining whether we should recognize an allowance for expected credit losses or an impairment charge, including the credit quality of the issuer, changes to the rating of the security by rating agencies, the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, reason for the decline in value and potential recovery period, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the investees, our intent to sell and ability to hold the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value, and any contractual terms impacting the prepayment or settlement process, among other factors. We recognize an allowance for credit losses, up to the amount of unrealized loss when appropriate, and write down the amortized cost basis of the investment if we intend to, or it is more likely than not we will be required to, sell the investment before the recovery of its amortized cost basis. Allowances for credit losses and write-downs are recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Operations, and unrealized losses not related to credit losses are recognized in other comprehensive income (loss). Based on our evaluation, we did not recognize an allowance for credit losses, nor did we recognize any impairments, as of March 31, 2025 and 2024.

Property and Equipment, Net

Property and equipment, net, are stated at cost. Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method over the following useful lives:

| | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Buildings|  | 20 to 25 years  
Computer equipment and software|  | 2 to 6 years  
Equipment, furniture and fixtures, and other|  | 3 to 5 years  
Leasehold improvements|  | Lesser of the lease term or the estimated useful lives of the improvements, ranging from 1 to 14 years  

We capitalize costs associated with internal-use software development once a project has reached the application development stage. Such capitalized costs include external direct costs utilized in developing or obtaining the software, and payroll and payroll-related expenses for employees who are directly associated with the development of the software. Capitalization of such costs begins when the preliminary project stage is complete and ceases at the point in which the project is substantially complete and is ready for its intended purpose. Once internal-use software is ready for its intended use, the assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over each asset’s estimated useful life, which is generally three years. We also capitalize costs associated with the purchase of possessable internal-use software licenses in the period we obtain control of the licenses. The net book value of capitalized costs associated with internal-use software was $105 million and $93 million as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively.

41

* * *

Table of Contents

Acquisition-Related Intangibles and Other Long-Lived Assets

We recognize acquisition-related intangible assets, such as acquired developed and core technology, in connection with business combinations. We amortize the cost of acquisition-related intangible assets that have finite useful lives generally on a straight-line basis over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or the agreement terms, currently from two to seven years. We evaluate acquisition-related intangibles and other long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset group. This includes assumptions about future prospects for the business that the asset relates to and typically involves computations of the estimated future cash flows to be generated by these businesses. Based on these judgments and assumptions, we determine whether we need to take an impairment charge to reduce the value of the asset stated on our Consolidated Balance Sheets to reflect its estimated fair value. When we consider such assets to be impaired, the amount of impairment we recognize is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value.

Goodwill Impairment

In assessing impairment on our goodwill, we first analyze qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform a goodwill impairment test. The qualitative factors we assess include long-term prospects of our performance, share price trends and market capitalization, and Company specific events. If we conclude it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, we do not need to perform an impairment test. If based on that assessment, we believe it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value we will measure goodwill for impairment by applying fair value-based tests at the reporting unit level. Reporting units are determined by the components of operating segments that constitute a business for which (1) discrete financial information is available, (2) segment management regularly reviews the operating results of that component, and (3) whether the component has dissimilar economic characteristics to other components. As of March 31, 2025, we have only one reportable segment, which represents our only operating segment.

Revenue Recognition

We derive revenue principally from sales of our games, and related extra content and services that can be experienced on game consoles, PCs, and mobile devices. Our product and service offerings include, but are not limited to, the following:

•full games with both online and offline functionality (“Games with Services”), which generally includes (1) the initial game delivered digitally or via physical disc at the time of sale and typically provide access to offline core game content (“software license”); (2) updates on a when-and-if-available basis, such as software patches or updates, and/or additional free content to be delivered in the future (“future update rights”); and (3) a hosted connection for online playability (“online hosting”);

•full games with online-only functionality which require an Internet connection to access all gameplay and functionality (“Online-Hosted Service Games”);

•extra content related to Games with Services and Online-Hosted Service Games which provides access to additional in-game content;

•subscriptions, such as EA Play and EA Play Pro, that generally offer access to a selection of full games, in-game content, online services and other benefits typically for a recurring monthly or annual fee; and

•licensing to third parties to distribute and host our games and content.

We evaluate and recognize revenue by:

•identifying the contract(s) with the customer;

•identifying the performance obligations in the contract;

•determining the transaction price;

•allocating the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and

•recognizing revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied through the transfer of a promised good or service to a customer (i.e., “transfer of control”).

42

* * *

Table of Contents

Certain of our full game and/or extra content are sold to resellers with a contingency that the full game and/or extra content cannot be resold prior to a specific date (“Street Date Contingency”). We recognize revenue for transactions that have a Street Date Contingency when the Street Date Contingency is removed and the full game and/or extra content can be resold by the reseller. For digital full game and/or extra content downloads sold to customers, we recognize revenue when the full game and/or extra content is made available for download to the customer.

Online-Enabled Games

Games with Services. Our sales of Games with Services are evaluated to determine whether the software license, future update rights and the online hosting are distinct and separable. Sales of Games with Services are generally determined to have three distinct performance obligations: software license, future update rights, and the online hosting.

Since we do not sell the performance obligations on a stand-alone basis, we consider market conditions and other observable inputs to estimate the stand-alone selling price for each performance obligation. For Games with Services, generally 75 percent of the sales price is allocated to the software license performance obligation and recognized at a point in time when control of the license has been transferred to the customer. The remaining 25 percent is allocated to the future update rights and the online hosting performance obligations and recognized ratably as the service is provided (over the Estimated Offering Period).

Online-Hosted Service Games. Sales of our Online-Hosted Service Games are determined to have one distinct performance obligation: the online hosting. We recognize revenue from these arrangements ratably as the service is provided (over the Estimated Offering Period).

Extra Content. Revenue received from sales of downloadable content are derived primarily from the sale of virtual currencies and digital in-game content that are designed to extend and enhance players’ game experience. Sales of extra content are accounted for in a manner consistent with the treatment for our Games with Services and Online-Hosted Service Games as discussed above, depending upon whether or not the extra content has offline functionality. That is, if the extra content has offline functionality, then the extra content is accounted for similarly to Games with Services (generally determined to have three distinct performance obligations: software license, future update rights, and the online hosting). If the extra content does not have offline functionality, then the extra content is determined to have one distinct performance obligation: the online-hosted service.

Subscriptions

Sales of our subscriptions are determined to have one performance obligation: the online hosting. We recognize revenue from these arrangements ratably over the subscription term as the performance obligation is satisfied.

Licensing Revenue

We utilize third-party licensees to distribute and host our games and content in accordance with license agreements, for which the licensees typically pay us a fixed minimum guarantee and/or sales-based royalties. These arrangements typically include multiple performance obligations, such as a time-based license of software and future update rights. We recognize as revenue a portion of the minimum guarantee when we transfer control of the license of software (generally upon commercial launch) and the remaining portion ratably over the contractual term in which we provide the licensee with future update rights. Any sales-based royalties are generally recognized as the related sales occur by the licensee.

Significant Judgments around Revenue Arrangements

Identifying performance obligations. Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods and services that will be transferred to the customer that are both capable of being distinct, (i.e., the customer can benefit from the goods or services either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available), and are distinct in the context of the contract (i.e., it is separately identifiable from other goods or services in the contract). To the extent a contract includes multiple promises, we must apply judgment to determine whether those promises are separate and distinct performance obligations. If these criteria are not met, the promises are accounted for as a combined performance obligation.

43

* * *

Table of Contents

Determining the transaction price. The transaction price is determined based on the consideration that we will be entitled to receive in exchange for transferring our goods and services to the customer. Determining the transaction price often requires judgment, based on an assessment of contractual terms and business practices. It further includes review of variable consideration such as discounts, sales returns, price protection, and rebates, which is estimated at the time of the transaction. In addition, the transaction price does not include an estimate of the variable consideration related to sales-based royalties. Sales-based royalties are recognized as the sales occur.

Allocating the transaction price. Allocating the transaction price requires that we determine an estimate of the relative stand-alone selling price for each distinct performance obligation. Determining the relative stand-alone selling price is inherently subjective, especially in situations where we do not sell the performance obligation on a stand-alone basis (which occurs in the majority of our transactions). In those situations, we determine the relative stand-alone selling price based on various observable inputs using all information that is reasonably available. Examples of observable inputs and information include: historical internal pricing data, cost plus margin analysis, pre-release versus post-release costs, and pricing data from competitors to the extent the data is available. The results of our analysis resulted in a specific percentage of the transaction price being allocated to each performance obligation.

Determining the Estimated Offering Period. The offering period is the period in which we offer to provide the future update rights and/or online hosting for the game and related extra content sold. Because the offering period is not an explicitly defined period, we must make an estimate of the offering period for the service-related performance obligations (i.e., future update rights and online hosting). Determining the Estimated Offering Period is inherently subjective and is subject to regular revision. Generally, we consider the average period of time customers are online when estimating the offering period. We also consider the estimated period of time between the date a game unit is sold to a reseller and the date the reseller sells the game unit to the customer (i.e., time in channel). Based on these two factors, we then consider the method of distribution. For example, games and extra content sold at retail would have a composite offering period equal to the online gameplay period plus time in channel as opposed to digitally-distributed games and extra content which are delivered immediately via digital download and therefore, the offering period is estimated to be only the online gameplay period.

Additionally, we consider results from prior analyses, known and expected online gameplay trends, as well as disclosed service periods for competitors’ games in determining the Estimated Offering Period for future sales. We believe this provides a reasonable depiction of the transfer of future update rights and online hosting to our customers, as it is the best representation of the time period during which our games and extra content are experienced. We recognize revenue for future update rights and online hosting performance obligations ratably on a straight-line basis over this period as there is a consistent pattern of delivery for these performance obligations. Revenue for service-related performance obligations for digitally-distributed games and extra content is recognized over an estimated eight-month period beginning in the month of sale, revenue for service-related performance obligations for games and extra content sold through retail is recognized over an estimated ten-month period beginning in the month of sale, and revenue for service related performance obligations related to our PC and console free-to-play games is recognized generally over a twelve-month period beginning in the month of sale. 

Principal Agent Considerations

We evaluate sales to end customers of our full games and related content via third-party storefronts, including digital storefronts such as Microsoft’s Xbox Store, Sony’s PlayStation Store, Apple App Store, and Google Play Store, in order to determine whether or not we are acting as the principal in the sale to the end customer, which we consider in determining if revenue should be reported gross or net of fees retained by the third-party storefront. An entity is the principal if it controls a good or service before it is transferred to the end customer. Key indicators that we evaluate in determining gross versus net treatment include but are not limited to the following:

•the underlying contract terms and conditions between the various parties to the transaction;

•which party is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service to the end customer;

•which party has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or service; and

•which party has title risk before the specified good or service has been transferred to the end customer.

Based on an evaluation of the above indicators, except as discussed below, we have determined that generally the third party is considered the principal to end customers for the sale of our full games and related content. We therefore report revenue related to these arrangements net of the fees retained by the storefront. However, for sales arrangements via Apple App Store and Google Play Store, EA is considered the principal to the end customer and thus, we report revenue on a gross basis and mobile platform fees are reported within cost of revenue.

44

* * *

Table of Contents

Payment Terms

Substantially all of our transactions have payment terms, whether customary or on an extended basis, of less than one year; therefore, we generally do not adjust the transaction price for the effects of any potential financing components that may exist.

Sales and Value-Added Taxes

Revenue is recorded net of taxes assessed by governmental authorities that are imposed at the time of the specific revenue-producing transaction between us and our customer, such as sales and value-added taxes.

Sales Returns and Price Protection Reserves

Sales returns and price protection are considered variable consideration. We reduce revenue for estimated future returns and price protection which may occur with our distributors and retailers (“channel partners”). Price protection represents our practice to provide our channel partners with a credit allowance to lower their wholesale price on a particular game unit that they have not resold to customers. The amount of the price protection for permanent markdowns is the difference between the old wholesale price and the new reduced wholesale price. Credits are also given for short-term promotions that temporarily reduce the wholesale price. In certain countries we also have a practice for allowing channel partners to return older products in the channel in exchange for a credit allowance.

When evaluating the adequacy of sales returns and price protection reserves, we analyze the following: historical credit allowances, current sell-through of our channel partners’ inventory of our products, current trends in retail and the video game industry, changes in customer demand, acceptance of our products, and other related factors. In addition, we monitor the volume of sales to our channel partners and their inventories, as substantial overstocking in the distribution channel could result in high returns or higher price protection in subsequent periods.

Taxes Collected from Customers and Remitted to Governmental Authorities

Taxes assessed by a government authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue transactions between us and our customers are presented on a net basis in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Concentration of Credit Risk and Significant Customers

We extend credit to various customers. Collection of trade receivables may be affected by changes in economic or other industry conditions and may, accordingly, impact our overall credit risk. Although we generally do not require collateral, we perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and maintain reserves for potential credit losses. Invoices are aged based on contractual terms with our customers. The provision for doubtful accounts is recorded as a charge to general and administrative expense when a potential loss is identified. Losses are written off against the allowance when the receivable is determined to be uncollectible. At March 31, 2025, we had two customers who accounted for approximately 35 percent and 28 percent of our consolidated gross receivables, respectively. At March 31, 2024, we had two customers who accounted for approximately 32 percent and 27 percent of our consolidated gross receivables, respectively.

A majority of our sales are made via digital resellers, channel and platform partners. During the fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, approximately 88 percent, 80 percent, and 81 percent, respectively, of our net revenue was derived from our top ten customers and/or platform partners.

Currently, a majority of our revenue is derived through sales of products and services playable on hardware consoles from Sony and Microsoft. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, our net revenue for products and services on Sony’s PlayStation 4 and 5, and Microsoft’s Xbox One and Series X consoles (combined across all four platforms) was approximately 62 percent, 59 percent, and 58 percent, respectively. These platform partners have significant influence over the products and services that we offer on their platforms. 

Short-term investments are placed with high quality financial institutions or in short-duration, investment-grade securities. We limit the amount of credit exposure in any one financial institution or type of investment instrument.

45

* * *

Table of Contents

Royalties and Licenses

Royalty-based obligations with content licensors and distribution affiliates are either paid in advance and capitalized as prepaid royalties or are accrued as incurred and subsequently paid. For contracts with guaranteed minimums, these royalty-based obligations are generally expensed to cost of revenue at the greater of the contractual rate or an effective royalty rate based on the total projected net revenue. Prepayments made to thinly capitalized independent software developers and co-publishing affiliates are generally made in connection with the development of a particular product, and therefore, we are subject to development risk prior to the release of the product. Accordingly, payments that are due prior to completion of a product are generally expensed to research and development over the development period as the services are incurred. Payments due after completion of the product (primarily royalty-based in nature) are generally expensed as cost of revenue.

Our contracts with some licensors include minimum guaranteed royalty payments, which are initially recorded as an asset and as a liability at the contractual amount when no performance remains with the licensor. When performance remains with the licensor, we record guarantee payments as an asset when actually paid and as a liability when incurred, rather than recording the asset and liability upon execution of the contract.

Each quarter, we also evaluate the expected future realization of our royalty-based assets, as well as any unrecognized minimum commitments not yet paid to determine amounts we deem unlikely to be realized through future revenue. Any impairments or losses determined before the launch of a product are generally charged to research and development expense. Impairments or losses determined post-launch are charged to cost of revenue. We evaluate long-lived royalty-based assets for impairment using undiscounted cash flows when impairment indicators exist. If an impairment exists, then the related assets are written down to fair value. Unrecognized minimum royalty-based commitments are recognized when the underlying intellectual property is abandoned (i.e., the date EA commits to cease use of the IP) or the contractual rights to use the intellectual property are terminated.

Advertising Costs

We generally expense advertising costs as incurred, except for production costs associated with media campaigns, which are recognized as prepaid assets (to the extent paid in advance) and expensed at the first run of the advertisement. We are reimbursed by our vendors for certain advertising costs incurred by us that benefit our vendors. Such amounts are recognized as a reduction of marketing and sales expense if the advertising (1) is specific to the vendor, (2) represents an identifiable benefit to us, and (3) represents an incremental cost to us. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, advertising expense, net of vendor reimbursements, totaled approximately $289 million, $375 million, and $348 million, respectively.

Software Development Costs

Research and development costs, which consist primarily of software development costs, are expensed as incurred. We are required to capitalize software development costs incurred for computer software to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed after technological feasibility of the software is established or for development costs that have alternative future uses. Under our current practice of developing games, the technological feasibility of the underlying software is not established until substantially all product development and testing is complete, which generally includes the development of a working model. Software development costs that have been capitalized to date have been insignificant.

Foreign Currency Translation

Generally, the functional currency for our foreign operating subsidiaries is its local currency. Assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars using month-end exchange rates, and revenue and expenses are translated into U.S. dollars using average exchange rates. The effects of foreign currency translation adjustments are included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders’ equity.

Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are a result of the effect of exchange rate changes on transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currency. Net gains (losses) on foreign currency transactions of $(29) million, $(10) million, and $31 million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, are included in interest and other income (expense), net, in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. These net gains (losses) on foreign currency transactions are partially offset by net gains (losses) on our foreign currency forward contracts of $45 million, $12 million, and $(29) million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. See Note 5 for additional information on our foreign currency forward contracts.

46

* * *

Table of Contents

Income Taxes

We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statement amount and the tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax losses and tax credit carryforwards. We do not recognize any deferred taxes related to the U.S. taxes on foreign earnings as we recognize these taxes as a period cost.

Every quarter, we perform a realizability analysis to evaluate whether it is more likely than not that all or a portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. Our Swiss deferred tax asset realizability analysis relies upon future Swiss taxable income, and considers all available sources of Swiss income based on positive and negative evidence. We give more weight to evidence that can be objectively verified. However, estimating future Swiss taxable income requires judgment, specifically related to assumptions about expected growth rates of future Swiss taxable income, which are based primarily on third party market and industry growth data. Actual results that differ materially from those estimates could have a material impact on our valuation allowance assessment. Although objectively verifiable, Swiss interest rates have an impact on the valuation allowance and are based on published Swiss guidance. Any significant changes to such interest rates could result in a material impact to the valuation allowance. Switzerland has a seven-year carryforward period and does not permit the carry back of losses. Actions we take in connection with acquisitions could also impact the utilization of our Swiss deferred tax asset.

Stock Repurchases

Shares of our common stock repurchased pursuant to our repurchase program, if any, are retired. The purchase price of such repurchased shares of common stock is recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. If the balance in additional paid-in capital is exhausted, the excess is recorded as a reduction to retained earnings.

Restructuring 

We generally recognize employee severance costs when payments are probable and amounts are estimable or when notification occurs, depending on the region in which an employee works. Costs related to non-lease contracts without future benefit or contract termination are recognized at the earlier of the contract termination or the cease-use dates. Other exit-related costs are recognized as incurred.

47

* * *

Table of Contents

(3) FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

There are various valuation techniques used to estimate fair value, the primary one being the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market in which we would transact and consider assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. We measure certain financial and nonfinancial assets and liabilities at fair value on a recurring and nonrecurring basis.

Fair Value Hierarchy

The three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value are as follows:

•Level 1. Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

•Level 2. Observable inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets), or model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated with observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.

•Level 3. Unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of assets or liabilities.

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

As of March 31, 2025 and 2024, our assets and liabilities that were measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis were as follows (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
|  | | Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using| |   
| As of March 31, 2025| | Quoted Prices in  
Active Markets for Identical  
Financial Instruments| | Significant  
Other  
Observable  
Inputs| | Significant  
Unobservable  
Inputs| |   
| (Level 1)| | (Level 2)| | (Level 3)| | Balance Sheet Classification  
Assets| | | | | | | | |   
Bank and time deposits| $| 58 | | | $| 58 | | | $| — | | | $| — | | | Cash equivalents  
Money market funds| 904 | | | 904 | | | — | | | — | | | Cash equivalents  
Available-for-sale securities:| | | | | | | | |   
Corporate bonds| 46 | | | — | | | 46 | | | — | | | Short-term investments  
U.S. Treasury securities| 12 | | | 12 | | | — | | | — | | | Short-term investments  
| | | | | | | | |   
| | | | | | | | |   
Foreign government securities| 4 | | | — | | | 4 | | | — | | | Short-term investments  
Asset-backed securities| 50 | | | — | | | 50 | | | — | | | Short-term investments  
| | | | | | | | |   
Foreign currency derivatives| 28 | | | — | | | 28 | | | — | | | Other current assets and other assets  
Deferred compensation plan assets (a)| 36 | | | 36 | | | — | | | — | | | Other assets  
Total assets at fair value| $| 1,138 | | | $| 1,010 | | | $| 128 | | | $| — | | |   
Liabilities| | | | | | | | |   
Foreign currency derivatives| $| 26 | | | $| — | | | $| 26 | | | $| — | | | Accounts payable, accrued, and other current liabilities and other liabilities  
Deferred compensation plan liabilities (a)| 36 | | | 36 | | | — | | | — | | | Other liabilities  
Total liabilities at fair value| $| 62 | | | $| 36 | | | $| 26 | | | $| — | | |   

48

* * *

Table of Contents

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
|  | | Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using| |   
| As of  
March 31,  
2024| | Quoted Prices in  
Active Markets for Identical  
Financial Instruments| | Significant  
Other  
Observable  
Inputs| | Significant  
Unobservable  
Inputs| |   
| (Level 1)| | (Level 2)| | (Level 3)| | Balance Sheet Classification  
Assets| | | | | | | | |   
Bank and time deposits| $| 58 | | | $| 58 | | | $| — | | | $| — | | | Cash equivalents  
Money market funds| 1,038 | | | 1,038 | | | — | | | — | | | Cash equivalents  
Available-for-sale securities:| | | | | | | | |   
Corporate bonds| 130 | | | — | | | 130 | | | — | | | Short-term investments  
U.S. Treasury securities| 95 | | | 95 | | | — | | | — | | | Short-term investments  
U.S. agency securities| 9 | | | — | | | 9 | | | — | | | Short-term investments  
Commercial paper| 74 | | | — | | | 74 | | | — | | | Short-term investments and cash equivalents  
Foreign government securities| 8 | | | — | | | 8 | | | — | | | Short-term investments  
Asset-backed securities| 41 | | | — | | | 41 | | | — | | | Short-term investments  
Certificates of deposit | 13 | | | — | | | 13 | | | — | | | Short-term investments  
Foreign currency derivatives| 29 | | | — | | | 29 | | | — | | | Other current assets and other assets  
Deferred compensation plan assets (a)| 30 | | | 30 | | | — | | | — | | | Other assets  
Total assets at fair value| $| 1,525 | | | $| 1,221 | | | $| 304 | | | $| — | | |   
Liabilities| | | | | | | | |   
Foreign currency derivatives| $| 20 | | | $| — | | | $| 20 | | | $| — | | | Accounts payable, accrued, and other current liabilities and other liabilities  
Deferred compensation plan liabilities (a)| 31 | | | 31 | | | — | | | — | | | Other liabilities  
Total liabilities at fair value| $| 51 | | | $| 31 | | | $| 20 | | | $| — | | |   

(a)The Deferred Compensation Plan consists of various mutual funds. See Note 15 for additional information regarding our Deferred Compensation Plan.

49

* * *

Table of Contents

(4) FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Cash and Cash Equivalents

As of March 31, 2025 and 2024, our cash and cash equivalents were $2,136 million and $2,900 million, respectively. Cash equivalents were valued using quoted market prices or other readily available market information.

Short-Term Investments

Short-term investments consisted of the following as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of March 31, 2025| | As of March 31, 2024  
| Cost or  
Amortized  
Cost| | Gross Unrealized| | Fair  
Value| | Cost or  
Amortized  
Cost| | Gross Unrealized| | Fair  
Value  
| Gains| | Losses| | Gains| | Losses|   
Corporate bonds| $| 46 | | | $| — | | | $| — | | | $| 46 | | | $| 130 | | | $| — | | | $| — | | | $| 130 |   
U.S. Treasury securities| 12 | | | — | | | — | | | 12 | | | 95 | | | — | | | — | | | 95 |   
U.S. agency securities| — | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | 9 | | | — | | | — | | | 9 |   
Commercial paper| — | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | 66 | | | — | | | — | | | 66 |   
Foreign government securities| 4 | | | — | | | — | | | 4 | | | 8 | | | — | | | — | | | 8 |   
Asset-backed securities| 50 | | | — | | | — | | | 50 | | | 41 | | | — | | | — | | | 41 |   
Certificates of deposit| — | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | 13 | | | — | | | — | | | 13 |   
Short-term investments| $| 112 | | | $| — | | | $| — | | | $| 112 | | | $| 362 | | | $| — | | | $| — | | | $| 362 |   

The following table summarizes the amortized cost and fair value of our short-term investments, classified by stated maturity as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of March 31, 2025| | As of March 31, 2024  
| Amortized  
Cost| | Fair  
Value| | Amortized  
Cost| | Fair  
Value  
Short-term investments| | | | | | |   
Due within 1 year| $| 46 | | | $| 46 | | | $| 231 | | | $| 231 |   
Due 1 year through 5 years| 63 | | | 63 | | | 126 | | | 126 |   
Due after 5 years| 3 | | | 3 | | | 5 | | | 5 |   
Short-term investments| $| 112 | | | $| 112 | | | $| 362 | | | $| 362 |   

50

* * *

Table of Contents

(5) DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Assets or liabilities associated with our derivative instruments and hedging activities are recorded at fair value in other current assets/other assets, or accounts payable, accrued, and other current liabilities/other liabilities, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As discussed below, the accounting for gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value depends on the use of the derivative instrument and whether it is designated and qualifies for hedge accounting.

We transact business in various foreign currencies and have significant international sales and expenses denominated in foreign currencies, subjecting us to foreign currency risk. We purchase foreign currency forward contracts, generally with maturities of 18 months or less, to reduce the volatility of cash flows primarily related to forecasted revenue and expenses denominated in certain foreign currencies. Our cash flow risks are primarily related to fluctuations in the Euro, British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, Swedish krona, Australian dollar, Japanese yen, Chinese yuan, South Korean won and Polish zloty. In addition, we utilize foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate foreign currency exchange risk associated with foreign-currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities, primarily intercompany receivables and payables. The foreign currency forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments generally have a contractual term of approximately three months or less and are transacted near month-end. We do not use foreign currency forward contracts for speculative trading purposes.

Cash Flow Hedging Activities

Certain of our forward contracts are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges. To qualify for hedge accounting treatment, all hedging relationships are formally documented at the inception of the hedges and must be highly effective in offsetting changes to future cash flows on hedged transactions. The derivative assets or liabilities associated with our hedging activities are recorded at fair value in other current assets/other assets, or accounts payable, accrued, and other current liabilities/other liabilities, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The gains or losses resulting from changes in the fair value of these hedges are initially reported, net of tax, as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) in stockholders’ equity. The gains or losses resulting from changes in the fair value of these hedges are subsequently reclassified into net revenue or research and development expenses, as appropriate, in the period when the forecasted transaction is recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. In the event that the underlying forecasted transactions do not occur, or it becomes remote that they will occur within the defined hedge period, the gains or losses on the related cash flow hedges are reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to net revenue or research and development expenses, in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Total gross notional amounts and fair values for currency derivatives with cash flow hedge accounting designation are as follows (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of March 31, 2025| | As of March 31, 2024  
| Notional Amount| | Fair Value| | Notional Amount| | Fair Value  
| | Asset| | Liability| | | Asset| | Liability  
| | | | | | | | | | |   
Forward contracts to purchase| $| 463 | | | $| 4 | | | $| 7 | | | $| 413 | | | $| 1 | | | $| 4 |   
| | | | | | | | | | |   
| | | | | | | | | | |   
| | | | | | | | | | |   
Forward contracts to sell| $| 1,970 | | | $| 20 | | | $| 16 | | | $| 2,329 | | | $| 24 | | | $| 11 |   
| | | | | | | | | | |   

The effects of cash flow hedge accounting in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 are as follows (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
| Net revenue| | Research and development| | Net revenue| | Research and development| | Net revenue| | Research and development  
Total amounts presented in our Consolidated Statements of Operations in which the effects of cash flow hedges are recorded| $| 7,463 | | | $| 2,569 | | | $| 7,562 | | | $| 2,420 | | | $| 7,426 | | | $| 2,328 |   
Gains (losses) on foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges| $| 18 | | | $| (11)| | | $| 56 | | | $| (8)| | | $| 185 | | | $| (18)|   

Balance Sheet Hedging Activities

Our foreign currency forward contracts that are not designated as hedging instruments are accounted for as derivatives whereby the fair value of the contracts are reported as other current assets or accounts payable, accrued, and other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, and gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value are reported in interest and other income (expense), net, in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The gains and losses on these foreign currency forward contracts generally offset the gains and losses in the underlying foreign-currency-denominated monetary assets and liabilities, which are also reported in interest and other income (expense), net, in our Consolidated Statements of Operations.

Total gross notional amounts and fair values for currency derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments are accounted for as follows (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of March 31, 2025| | As of March 31, 2024  
| Notional Amount| | Fair Value| | Notional Amount| | Fair Value  
| | Asset| | Liability| | | Asset| | Liability  
Forward contracts to purchase| $| 511 | | | $| 1 | | | $| 2 | | | $| 452 | | | $| — | | | $| 5 |   
| | | | | | | | | | |   
| | | | | | | | | | |   
Forward contracts to sell| $| 582 | | | $| 3 | | | $| 1 | | | $| 419 | | | $| 4 | | | $| — |   
| | | | | | | | | | |   
| | | | | | | | | | |   

The effect of foreign currency forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments in our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, was as follows (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | Year Ended March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
| | Interest and other income (expense), net  
Total amounts presented in our Consolidated Statements of Operations in which the effects of balance sheet hedges are recorded| | $| 85 | | | $| 71 | | | $| (6)|   
Gains (losses) on foreign currency forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments| | $| 45 | | | $| 12 | | | $| (29)|   

51

* * *

Table of Contents

(6) ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

The changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by component, net of tax, for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 are as follows (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Unrealized Net Gains (Losses) on Available-for-Sale Securities| | Unrealized Net Gains (Losses) on Derivative Instruments| | Foreign Currency Translation Adjustments| | Total  
Balances as of March 31, 2022| $| (3)| | | $| 47 | | | $| (29)| | | $| 15 |   
Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications| 1 | | | 133 | | | (50)| | | 84 |   
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)| 1 | | | (167)| | | — | | | (166)|   
Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax| 2 | | | (34)| | | (50)| | | (82)|   
Balances as of March 31, 2023| $| (1)| | | $| 13 | | | $| (79)| | | $| (67)|   
Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications| 1 | | | 45 | | | (3)| | | 43 |   
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)| — | | | (48)| | | — | | | (48)|   
Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax| 1 | | | (3)| | | (3)| | | (5)|   
Balances as of March 31, 2024| $| — | | | $| 10 | | | $| (82)| | | $| (72)|   
Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications| — | | | 8 | | | (16)| | | (8)|   
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)| — | | | (7)| | | — | | | (7)|   
Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax| — | | | 1 | | | (16)| | | (15)|   
Balances as of March 31, 2025| $| — | | | $| 11 | | | $| (98)| | | $| (87)|   

The effects on net income of amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 were as follows (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Statement of Operations Classification| | Amount Reclassified From Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)  
Year Ended March 31,  
2025| | 2024| | 2023  
(Gains) losses on available-for-sale securities:| | | | | |   
| | | | | |   
Interest and other income (expense), net| | $| — | | | $| — | | | $| 1 |   
Total, net of tax| | — | | | — | | | 1 |   
| | | | | |   
(Gains) losses on foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedges| | | | | |   
Net revenue| | (18)| | | (56)| | | (185)|   
Research and development| | 11 | | | 8 | | | 18 |   
Total, net of tax| | (7)| | | (48)| | | (167)|   
| | | | | |   
| | | | | |   
| | | | | |   
| | | | | |   
| | | | | |   
Total net (gain) loss reclassified, net of tax| | $| (7)| | | $| (48)| | | $| (166)|   
| | | | | |   
| | | | | |   

52

* * *

Table of Contents

(7) GOODWILL AND ACQUISITION-RELATED INTANGIBLES, NET

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 are as follows (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of March 31, 2024| | Activity| | Effects of Foreign Currency Translation| | As of March 31, 2025  
Goodwill| $| 5,747 | | | $| — | | | $| (3)| | | $| 5,744 |   
Accumulated impairment| (368)| | | — | | | — | | | (368)|   
Total| $| 5,379 | | | $| — | | | $| (3)| | | $| 5,376 |   

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024 are as follows (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of March 31, 2023| | Activity| | Effects of Foreign Currency Translation| | As of March 31, 2024  
Goodwill| $| 5,748 | | | $| — | | | $| (1)| | | $| 5,747 |   
Accumulated impairment| (368)| | | — | | | — | | | (368)|   
Total| $| 5,380 | | | $| — | | | $| (1)| | | $| 5,379 |   

Acquisition-related intangibles consisted of the following (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of March 31, 2025| | As of March 31, 2024  
| Gross  
Carrying  
Amount| | Accumulated  
Amortization| | Acquisition-  
Related  
Intangibles, Net| | Gross  
Carrying  
Amount| | Accumulated  
Amortization| | Acquisition-  
Related  
Intangibles, Net  
| | | | | | | | | | |   
Developed and core technology| $| 933 | | | $| (790)| | | $| 143 | | | $| 1,025 | | | $| (821)| | | $| 204 |   
Trade names and trademarks| 501 | | | (351)| | | 150 | | | 502 | | | (306)| | | 196 |   
Registered user base and other intangibles| 56 | | | (56)| | | — | | | 56 | | | (56)| | | — |   
| | | | | | | | | | |   
Total| $| 1,490 | | | $| (1,197)| | | $| 293 | | | $| 1,583 | | | $| (1,183)| | | $| 400 |   
| | | | | | | | | | |   
| | | | | | | | | | |   
| | | | | | | | | | |   

Amortization of intangibles, including impairments, for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 are classified in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as follows (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
Cost of revenue| $| 40 | | | $| 76 | | | $| 120 |   
| | | | |   
Operating expenses| 67 | | | 142 | | | 158 |   
Restructuring| — | | | — | | | 66 |   
Total| $| 107 | | | $| 218 | | | $| 344 |   

During fiscal year 2025, we did not recognize any material impairment charges for acquisition-related intangible assets. 

During fiscal year 2024, we recorded impairment charges of $70 million for acquisition-related intangible assets, of which $53 million was recorded within operating expenses and $17 million was recorded within cost of revenue.

During fiscal year 2023, we recorded impairment charges of $106 million for acquisition-related intangible assets, of which $66 million was recorded within restructuring, $28 million was recorded within operating expenses, and $12 million was recorded within cost of revenue.

Acquisition-related intangible assets are generally amortized using the straight-line method over the lesser of their estimated useful lives or the agreement terms, currently ranging from 2 to 7 years. As of March 31, 2025 and 2024, the weighted-average remaining useful life for acquisition-related intangible assets was approximately 3.2 years and 4.1 years, respectively.

53

* * *

Table of Contents

As of March 31, 2025, future amortization of finite-lived acquisition-related intangibles that will be recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations is estimated as follows (in millions):

| | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Fiscal Year Ending March 31,|   
2026| $| 102 |   
2027| 83 |   
2028| 80 |   
2029| 28 |   
|   
Total| $| 293 |   

54

* * *

Table of Contents

(8) RESTRUCTURING ACTIVITIES

Fiscal 2024 Restructuring

In fiscal year 2024, we announced a restructuring plan (the “2024 Restructuring Plan”) focused on aligning our portfolio, investments, and resources in support of our strategic priorities and growth initiatives. This plan reflects actions driven by portfolio rationalization, including costs associated with licensor commitments, as well as reductions in real estate and headcount. The actions associated with this plan were substantially completed by March 31, 2025.

Since the inception of the 2024 Restructuring Plan through March 31, 2025, we have incurred net charges of $123 million. We do not expect to incur any additional restructuring charges under this plan.

Restructuring activities as of the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025 was as follows (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Licensor Commitments (a)| | Workforce (a)| | Office Space Reductions| | Total  
Charges to operations| $| 30 | | | $| 29 | | | $| 2 | | | $| 61 |   
Charges settled in cash| (17)| | | (5)| | | — | | | (22)|   
Impairment and other charges| (13)| | | — | | | (2)| | | (15)|   
Liability as of March 31, 2024| $| — | | | $| 24 | | | $| — | | | $| 24 |   
Charges to operations| 5 | | | — | | | 57 | | | 62 |   
Charges settled in cash| — | | | (24)| | | — | | | (24)|   
Impairment and other charges| (5)| | | — | | | (57)| | | (62)|   
Liability as of March 31, 2025| $| — | | | $| — | | | $| — | | | $| — |   
(a) Charges are recorded within Restructuring in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.  

Of the $59 million in charges associated with office space reductions to date under the 2024 Restructuring Plan, $52 million is recorded within Restructuring during fiscal year 2025, as it is related to impairments of right-of-use assets and associated property, plant, and equipment for certain operating leases, and $7 million is recorded within General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.

55

* * *

Table of Contents

(9) ROYALTIES AND LICENSES

Our royalty expenses consist of payments to (1) content licensors, (2) independent software developers, and (3) co-publishing and/or distribution affiliates. Content license royalties consist of payments made to sports organizations, movie studios, and others for our use of their trademarks, copyrights, personal publicity rights, content and/or other intellectual property. Royalty payments to independent software developers are payments for the development of intellectual property related to our games. Co-publishing and distribution royalties are payments made to third parties for the delivery of products.

During fiscal years 2025 and 2023, we did not recognize any material losses or impairment charges on royalty-based commitments.

During fiscal year 2024, we recorded impairment charges of $30 million for costs associated with licensor commitments, all of which were recorded within Restructuring in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

The current and long-term portions of prepaid royalties and minimum guaranteed royalty-related assets, included in other current assets and other assets, consisted of (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024  
Other current assets| $| 55 | | | $| 98 |   
Other assets| 23 | | | 24 |   
Royalty-related assets| $| 78 | | | $| 122 |   

At any given time, depending on the timing of our payments to our content licensors, independent software developers, co-publishing, and/or distribution affiliates, we classify any recognized unpaid royalty amounts due to these parties as accrued liabilities. The current and long-term portions of accrued royalties, included in accrued and other current liabilities and other liabilities, consisted of (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024  
Accounts payable, accrued, and other current liabilities| $| 226 | | | $| 189 |   
Other liabilities| 9 | | | 20 |   
Royalty-related liabilities| $| 235 | | | $| 209 |   

As of March 31, 2025, we were committed to pay approximately $1,509 million to content licensors, independent software developers, and co-publishing and/or distribution affiliates, but performance remained with the counterparty (i.e., delivery of the product or content or other factors) and such commitments were therefore not recorded in our Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 14 for further information on our developer and licensor commitments.

56

* * *

Table of Contents

(10) BALANCE SHEET DETAILS

Property and Equipment, Net

Property and equipment, net, as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 consisted of (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024  
Computer, equipment and software| $| 1,033 | | | $| 965 |   
Buildings| 379 | | | 376 |   
Leasehold improvements| 229 | | | 190 |   
Equipment, furniture and fixtures, and other| 109 | | | 92 |   
Land| 66 | | | 67 |   
Construction in progress| 21 | | | 47 |   
| 1,837 | | | 1,737 |   
Less: accumulated depreciation| (1,251)| | | (1,159)|   
Property and equipment, net| $| 586 | | | $| 578 |   

Depreciation expense associated with property and equipment was $204 million, $196 million and $193 million for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

Accounts Payable, Accrued, and Other Current Liabilities

Accounts payable, accrued, and other current liabilities as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 consisted of (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024  
Accounts payable| $| 105 | | | $| 110 |   
Accrued compensation and benefits| 486 | | | 476 |   
Accrued royalties| 226 | | | 189 |   
Deferred net revenue (other)| 94 | | | 59 |   
Operating lease liabilities (See Note 13)| 67 | | | 66 |   
| | |   
Other accrued expenses| 297 | | | 286 |   
Sales returns and price protection reserves| 84 | | | 90 |   
Accounts payable, accrued, and other current liabilities| $| 1,359 | | | $| 1,276 |   

Deferred net revenue (other) includes the deferral of licensing arrangements, subscription revenue, and other revenue for which revenue recognition criteria has not been met.

Deferred net revenue

Deferred net revenue as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, consisted of (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024  
Deferred net revenue (online-enabled games)| $| 1,700 | | | $| 1,814 |   
Deferred net revenue (other)| 94 | | | 59 |   
Deferred net revenue (noncurrent)| 72 | | | 85 |   
Total deferred net revenue| $| 1,866 | | | $| 1,958 |   

During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, we recognized $1,875 million and $1,987 million of revenue, respectively, that were included in the deferred net revenue balance at the beginning of the period.

57

* * *

Table of Contents

Remaining Performance Obligations

As of March 31, 2025, revenue allocated to remaining performance obligations consists of our deferred revenue balance of $1,866 million. These balances exclude any estimates for future variable consideration as we have elected the optional exemption to exclude sales-based royalty revenue.

58

* * *

Table of Contents

(11) INCOME TAXES

The components of our income before provision for income taxes for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 are as follows (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
Domestic| $| 447 | | | $| 437 | | | $| 315 |   
Foreign| 1,158 | | | 1,152 | | | 1,011 |   
Income before provision for income taxes| $| 1,605 | | | $| 1,589 | | | $| 1,326 |   

Provision for income taxes for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 consisted of (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Current| | Deferred| | Total  
Year Ended March 31, 2025| | | | |   
Federal| $| 369 | | | $| (136)| | | $| 233 |   
State| 53 | | | (28)| | | 25 |   
Foreign| 102 | | | 124 | | | 226 |   
| $| 524 | | | $| (40)| | | $| 484 |   
Year Ended March 31, 2024| | | | |   
Federal| $| 138 | | | $| 85 | | | $| 223 |   
State| 20 | | | 9 | | | 29 |   
Foreign| 76 | | | (12)| | | 64 |   
| $| 234 | | | $| 82 | | | $| 316 |   
Year Ended March 31, 2023| | | | |   
Federal| $| 570 | | | $| (339)| | | $| 231 |   
State| 92 | | | (76)| | | 16 |   
Foreign| 75 | | | 202 | | | 277 |   
| $| 737 | | | $| (213)| | | $| 524 |   

The differences between the statutory tax rate and our effective tax rate, expressed as a percentage of income before provision for income taxes, for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 were as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
Statutory federal tax expense rate| 21.0 | %| | 21.0 | %| | 21.0 | %  
State taxes, net of federal benefit| 0.9 | %| | 1.1 | %| | 1.1 | %  
Differences between statutory rate and foreign effective tax rate| 3.8 | %| | 2.9 | %| | 7.6 | %  
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
Research and development credits| (2.3)| %| | (2.4)| %| | (3.0)| %  
| | | | |   
Swiss valuation allowance| 3.2 | %| | (0.3)| %| | 8.9 | %  
| | | | |   
Effect of change in enacted tax rate| — | %| | (5.8)| %| | — | %  
Non-deductible stock-based compensation| 3.2 | %| | 2.8 | %| | 3.2 | %  
Other| 0.4 | %| | 0.6 | %| | 0.7 | %  
Effective tax rate| 30.2 | %| | 19.9 | %| | 39.5 | %  

During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, we recognized a $51 million tax charge to increase the valuation allowance on Swiss deferred tax assets as a result of various factors including our business operations, geographical income mix, and an increase in the Swiss interest rates. Excluding the effect of the change in valuation allowance, the effective tax rate for fiscal year 2025 would have been 27.0 percent.

During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024, we recognized a $92 million tax benefit to remeasure our Swiss deferred tax assets as a result of an increase in the Swiss statutory tax rate. In addition, we recognized a lower period cost for U.S. tax on our 

59

* * *

Table of Contents

non-U.S. earnings, including a cumulative one-time benefit, due to R&D capitalization guidance issued by the U.S. Treasury during the fiscal year. Excluding the effects of these items, the effective tax rate for fiscal year 2024 would have been 26.7 percent. 

During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, we recognized a $118 million tax charge to increase the valuation allowance on Swiss deferred tax assets, primarily as a result of an increase in Swiss interest rates.

Our foreign subsidiaries are generally subject to U.S. tax, and to the extent earnings from these subsidiaries can be repatriated without a material tax cost, such earnings will not be indefinitely reinvested. As of March 31, 2025, approximately $1.1 billion of our cash and cash equivalents were domiciled in foreign tax jurisdictions. All of our foreign cash is available for repatriation without a material tax cost.

The components of net deferred tax assets, as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 consisted of (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024  
Deferred tax assets:| | |   
Accruals, reserves and other expenses| $| 227 | | | $| 200 |   
Tax credit carryforwards| 235 | | | 222 |   
Research and development capitalization| 523 | | | 375 |   
| | |   
| | |   
Stock-based compensation| 43 | | | 41 |   
Net operating loss and capital loss carryforwards| 450 | | | 403 |   
Swiss intra-entity tax asset| 1,485 | | | 1,618 |   
Total| 2,963 | | | 2,859 |   
Valuation allowance| (534)| | | (464)|   
Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance| 2,429 | | | 2,395 |   
Deferred tax liabilities:| | |   
Amortization and depreciation| (7)| | | (10)|   
Other| (3)| | | (6)|   
Total| (10)| | | (16)|   
Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance and deferred tax liabilities| $| 2,419 | | | $| 2,379 |   

As of March 31, 2025, we have net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $3.0 billion of which approximately $40 million is attributable to various acquired companies. The net operating loss carry forwards include $2.9 billion related to Switzerland and $31 million related to California. Substantially all of these carryforwards, if not fully realized, will begin to expire in fiscal year 2027. Switzerland has a seven-year carryforward period and does not permit the carry back of losses. We also have U.S. federal credit carryforwards of $6 million and California credit carryforwards of $219 million. The California tax credit carryforwards can be carried forward indefinitely.

As of March 31, 2025, we maintained a total valuation allowance of $534 million related to certain U.S. state deferred tax assets, Swiss deferred tax assets, and foreign capital loss carryovers, due to uncertainty about the future realization of these assets.

60

* * *

Table of Contents

The total unrecognized tax benefits as of March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 were $688 million, $804 million and $867 million, respectively. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance of unrecognized tax benefits is summarized as follows (in millions):

| | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Balance as of March 31, 2022| $| 636 |   
|   
|   
Increases in unrecognized tax benefits related to current year tax positions| 245 |   
Decreases in unrecognized tax benefits related to settlements with taxing authorities| (2)|   
Reductions in unrecognized tax benefits due to lapse of applicable statute of limitations| (6)|   
Changes in unrecognized tax benefits due to foreign currency translation| (6)|   
Balance as of March 31, 2023| 867 |   
Increases in unrecognized tax benefits related to prior year tax positions| 14 |   
Decreases in unrecognized tax benefits related to prior year tax positions| (173)|   
Increases in unrecognized tax benefits related to current year tax positions| 97 |   
|   
Reductions in unrecognized tax benefits due to lapse of applicable statute of limitations| (2)|   
Changes in unrecognized tax benefits due to foreign currency translation| 1 |   
Balance as of March 31, 2024| 804 |   
Increases in unrecognized tax benefits related to prior year tax positions| 18 |   
Decreases in unrecognized tax benefits related to prior year tax positions| (214)|   
Increases in unrecognized tax benefits related to current year tax positions| 94 |   
Decreases in unrecognized tax benefits related to settlements with taxing authorities| (12)|   
Reductions in unrecognized tax benefits due to lapse of applicable statute of limitations| (2)|   
|   
Balance as of March 31, 2025| $| 688 |   

As of March 31, 2025, approximately $482 million of the unrecognized tax benefits would affect our effective tax rate, a portion of which would be impacted by a valuation allowance.

Interest and penalties related to estimated obligations for tax positions taken in our tax returns are recognized in income tax expense in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. The combined amount of accrued interest and penalties related to tax positions taken on our tax returns and included in non-current other liabilities was approximately $127 million as of March 31, 2025 and $91 million as of March 31, 2024.

We file income tax returns in the United States, including various state and local jurisdictions. As of March 31, 2025, our subsidiaries file tax returns in various foreign jurisdictions, including Canada, Germany, South Korea, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. As of the period ended March 31, 2025, we remain subject to income tax examination in these jurisdictions, including the United States for fiscal years after 2017, Canada for fiscal years after 2014, Germany for fiscal years after 2016, South Korea for fiscal years after 2018, Switzerland for fiscal years after 2014, and the United Kingdom for fiscal years after 2021.

We are currently under income tax examination in various jurisdictions, including the United States for fiscal years 2018 through 2021.

The timing and potential resolution of income tax examinations is highly uncertain. While we continue to measure our uncertain tax positions, the amounts ultimately paid, if any, upon resolution of the issues raised by the taxing authorities may differ materially from the amounts accrued.

It is also reasonably possible that material reduction of unrecognized tax benefits may occur within the next 12 months, a portion of which would impact our effective tax rate. The actual amount could vary significantly depending on the ultimate timing and nature of any settlements and tax interpretations.

61

* * *

Table of Contents

(12) FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS

Senior Notes

In February 2021, we issued $750 million aggregate principal amount of 1.85% Senior Notes due February 15, 2031 (the “2031 Notes”) and $750 million aggregate principal amount of 2.95% Senior Notes due February 15, 2051 (the “2051 Notes”). Our proceeds were $1,478 million, net of discount of $6 million and issuance costs of $16 million. Both the discount and issuance costs are being amortized to interest expense over the respective terms of the 2031 Notes and the 2051 Notes using the effective interest rate method. The effective interest rate is 1.98% for the 2031 Notes and 3.04% for the 2051 Notes. Interest is payable semiannually in arrears, on February 15 and August 15 of each year.

In February 2016, we issued $400 million aggregate principal amount of 4.80% Senior Notes due March 1, 2026 (the “2026 Notes”). Our proceeds were $395 million, net of discount of $1 million and issuance costs of $4 million. Both the discount and issuance costs are being amortized to interest expense over the term of the 2026 Notes using the effective interest rate method. The effective interest rate was 4.97%. Interest is payable semiannually in arrears, on March 1 and September 1 of each year.

The carrying and fair values of the Senior Notes are as follows (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of March 31, 2025| | As of March 31, 2024  
Senior Notes:| | |   
4.80% Senior Notes due 2026| $| 400 | | | $| 400 |   
1.85% Senior Notes due 2031| 750 | | | 750 |   
2.95% Senior Notes due 2051| 750 | | | 750 |   
Total principal amount| $| 1,900 | | | $| 1,900 |   
Unaccreted discount| (5)| | | (5)|   
Unamortized debt issuance costs| (11)| | | (13)|   
Net carrying value of Senior Notes| $| 1,884 | | | $| 1,882 |   
| | |   
Fair value of Senior Notes (Level 2)| $| 1,511 | | | $| 1,515 |   

As of March 31, 2025, the remaining life of the 2026 Notes, 2031 Notes and 2051 Notes is approximately 0.9 years, 5.9 years, and 25.9 years, respectively.

The Senior Notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with all our other existing and future unsubordinated obligations and any indebtedness that we may incur from time to time under our Credit Facility.

The 2026 Notes, 2031 Notes and 2051 Notes are redeemable at our option at any time prior to December 1, 2025, November 15, 2030, and August 15, 2050, respectively, subject to a make-whole premium. After such dates, we may redeem each such series of Notes, respectively, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, upon the occurrence of a change of control repurchase event, the holders of each such series of Notes may require us to repurchase all or a portion of these Notes, at a price equal to 101% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of repurchase. Each such series of Notes also include covenants that limit our ability to incur liens on assets and to enter into sale and leaseback transactions, subject to certain allowances.

62

* * *

Table of Contents

Credit Facility

On March 22, 2023, we entered into a $500 million unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Credit Facility") with a syndicate of banks. The Credit Facility terminates on March 22, 2028 unless the maturity is extended in accordance with its terms. The Credit Facility contains an option to arrange with existing lenders and/or new lenders to provide up to an aggregate of $500 million in additional commitments for revolving loans. Proceeds of loans made under the Credit Facility may be used for general corporate purposes.

The loans denominated in U.S. dollars bear interest, at our option, at the base rate plus an applicable spread or at a forward-looking term rate based upon the secured overnight financing rate plus a credit spread adjustment of 0.10% per annum (the “Adjusted Term SOFR Rate”) plus an applicable spread, in each case with such spread based on our debt credit ratings. We are also obligated to pay other customary fees for a credit facility of this size and type. Interest is due and payable in arrears quarterly for loans bearing interest at the base rate and at the end of an interest period in the case of loans bearing interest at the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate. Principal, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, is due and payable on the maturity date, as such date may be extended in connection with the extension option. We may prepay the loans and terminate the commitments, in whole or in part, at any time without premium or penalty, subject to certain conditions.

The Credit Facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that limit or restrict our ability to, among other things, incur subsidiary indebtedness, grant liens, and dispose of all or substantially all assets, in each case subject to customary exceptions for a credit facility of this size and type. We are also required to maintain compliance with a debt to EBITDA ratio. As of March 31, 2025, we were in compliance with the debt to EBITDA ratio.

The Credit Facility contains customary events of default, including among others, non-payment defaults, covenant defaults, cross-defaults to material indebtedness, bankruptcy and insolvency defaults, material judgment defaults and a change of control default, in each case, subject to customary exceptions for a credit facility of this size and type. The occurrence of an event of default could result in the acceleration of the obligations under the Credit Facility and an increase in the applicable interest rate.

As of March 31, 2025, no amounts were outstanding under the Credit Facility. $2 million of debt issuance costs that were paid in connection with obtaining this credit facility are being amortized to interest expense over the 5-year term of the Credit Facility.

Interest Expense

The following table summarizes our interest expense recognized for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 that is included in interest and other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statements of Operations (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
Amortization of debt discount| $| — | | | $| — | | | $| (1)|   
Amortization of debt issuance costs| (2)| | | (2)| | | (2)|   
Coupon interest expense| (55)| | | (55)| | | (55)|   
Other interest expense| (1)| | | (1)| | | — |   
Total interest expense| $| (58)| | | $| (58)| | | $| (58)|   

63

* * *

Table of Contents

(13) LEASES

Our leases primarily consist of facility leases for our offices and development studios, data centers, and server equipment, with remaining lease terms of up to 12 years. Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. When it is reasonably certain that we will exercise those options, we include them in our measurement of lease payments and lease terms. Substantially all of our leases are classified as operating leases.

We determine if an arrangement is or contains a lease at contract inception. The contract is or contains a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. In determining if a contract is or contains a lease, we apply judgment whether the contract provides the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits, the right to direct, or control the use of the identified asset throughout the period of use.

Operating lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of future lease payments over the lease term. In determining the present value of the future lease payments, we use our incremental borrowing rate as none of our leases provide an implicit rate. Our incremental borrowing rate is an assumed rate based on our credit rating, credit history, current economic environment, and the lease term. Operating lease ROU assets are further adjusted for any payments made, incentives received, and initial direct costs incurred prior to the commencement date. 

Operating lease ROU assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and recognized as lease expense within cost of revenue or operating expenses on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Operating lease liabilities decrease by lease payments we make over the lease term. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. When we commit to a plan to abandon an operating lease at a future date, the amortization of the operating lease ROU asset and depreciation of the associated leasehold improvements are accelerated based on the revised useful life of the operating lease. 

Some of our operating leases contain lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components primarily include fixed payments for common area maintenance and utilities. We elected to account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component. Variable lease and non-lease components are recognized on our Consolidated Statements of Operations as incurred.

The components of lease expenses for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 are as follows (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
Operating lease costs| $| 121 | | | $| 80 | | | $| 138 |   
Variable lease costs| 32 | | | 31 | | | 22 |   
| | | | |   
Total lease expense| $| 153 | | | $| 111 | | | $| 160 |   

During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, we did not incur material costs associated with short-term leases with an initial term of 12 months or less. 

Supplemental cash and noncash information related to our operating leases for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 are as follows (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liability| $| 87 | | | $| 74 | | | $| 97 |   
ROU assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations| $| 97 | | | $| 37 | | | $| 97 |   

Weighted average remaining lease term and discount rate at March 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| At March 31, 2025| | At March 31, 2024  
Lease term| 7.1 years| | 7.1 years  
Discount rate| 4.0 | %| | 3.6 | %  

64

* * *

Table of Contents

Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of March 31,| | Balance Sheet Classification  

| 2025| | 2024|   
Operating lease ROU assets| $| 237 | | | $| 243 | | | Other assets  

| | | | |   

Operating lease liabilities| $| 67 | | | $| 66 | | | Accounts payable, accrued, and other current liabilities  
Noncurrent operating lease liabilities| 267 | | | 248 | | | Other liabilities  
Total operating lease liabilities| $| 334 | |   
| $| 314 | | |   

Future minimum lease payments under operating leases as of March 31, 2025 were as follows (in millions):

| | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Fiscal Years Ending March 31,|   
|   
2026|   
| $| 77 |   
2027|   
| 67 |   
2028|   
| 52 |   
2029|   
| 35 |   
2030|   
| 29 |   
Thereafter|   
| 123 |   
Total future lease payments|   
| 383 |   
Less imputed interest|   
| (49)|   
Total operating lease liabilities|   
| $| 334 |   

In addition to the amounts included in the table above, as of March 31, 2025, we have entered into an office lease that has not yet commenced with aggregate future lease payments of approximately $17 million. This lease is expected to commence in fiscal year 2026, and will have a lease term of 10 years.

65

* * *

Table of Contents

(14) COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Development, Sports Organizations, and Other Content Licenses: Payments and Commitments

The products we produce in our studios are designed and created by our employee designers, artists, software programmers and by non-employee software developers (“independent artists” or “third-party developers”). We typically advance development funds to the independent artists and third-party developers during development of our games, usually in installment payments made upon the completion of specified development milestones. Contractually, these payments are generally considered advances against subsequent royalties on the sales of the products. These terms are set forth in written agreements entered into with the independent artists and third-party developers. In addition, we have certain sports organizations and other content license contracts that contain minimum guarantee payments and marketing commitments to promote the games we publish that may not be dependent on any deliverables. 

These developer and content license commitments represent the sum of the cash payments for flat fees, minimum guaranteed payments, and service payments. The majority of these commitments are conditional upon performance by the counterparty. These payments and any related marketing and development commitments are included in the table below. 

The following table summarizes our minimum contractual obligations as of March 31, 2025 (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | | Fiscal Years Ending March 31,  
| Total| | 2026| | 2027| | 2028| | 2029| | 2030| | Thereafter  
Unrecognized commitments| | | | | | | | | | | | |   
Developer/licensor commitments| $| 1,509 | | | $| 353 | | | $| 404 | | | $| 205 | | | $| 189 | | | $| 186 | | | $| 172 |   
Marketing commitments| 1,248 | | | 298 | | | 315 | | | 223 | | | 133 | | | 154 | | | 125 |   
Senior Notes interest| 676 | | | 54 | | | 36 | | | 36 | | | 36 | | | 36 | | | 478 |   
Operating lease imputed interest| 49 | | | 12 | | | 9 | | | 6 | | | 6 | | | 5 | | | 11 |   
Operating leases not yet commenced| 17 | | | — | | | 1 | | | 2 | | | 2 | | | 2 | | | 10 |   
Other purchase obligations| 293 | | | 166 | | | 80 | | | 30 | | | 12 | | | 5 | | | — |   
| | | | | | | | | | | | |   
| | | | | | | | | | | | |   
Total unrecognized commitments| 3,792 | | | 883 | | | 845 | | | 502 | | | 378 | | | 388 | | | 796 |   
| | | | | | | | | | | | |   
Recognized commitments| | | | | | | | | | | | |   
Senior Notes principal and interest| 1,906 | | | 406 | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | 1,500 |   
Operating leases| 334 | | | 65 | | | 58 | | | 46 | | | 29 | | | 24 | | | 112 |   
Transition Tax and other taxes| 7 | | | 7 | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | — |   
| | | | | | | | | | | | |   
Total recognized commitments| 2,247 | | | 478 | | | 58 | | | 46 | | | 29 | | | 24 | | | 1,612 |   
| | | | | | | | | | | | |   
Total Commitments| $| 6,039 | | | $| 1,361 | | | $| 903 | | | $| 548 | | | $| 407 | | | $| 412 | | | $| 2,408 |   

The unrecognized amounts represented in the table above reflect our minimum cash obligations for the respective fiscal years, but do not necessarily represent the periods in which they will be recognized and expensed in our Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, the amounts in the table above are presented based on the dates the amounts are contractually due as of March 31, 2025; however, certain payment obligations may be accelerated depending on the performance of our operating results.

In addition to the amounts included in the table above, in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2025, we had a net liability for unrecognized tax benefits and an accrual for the payment of related interest totaling $617 million, of which we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of when cash settlement with a taxing authority will occur.

Legal Proceedings

We are subject to claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. We do not believe that any liability from any reasonably foreseeable disposition of such claims and litigation, individually or in the aggregate, would have a material adverse effect on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

66

* * *

Table of Contents

(15) STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION, EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS, AND STOCK REPURCHASE PROGRAM

Valuation Assumptions

We recognize compensation cost for stock-based awards to employees based on the awards’ estimated grant-date fair value using a straight-line approach over the service period for which such awards are expected to vest. We account for forfeitures as they occur.

The estimation of the fair value of market-based restricted stock units, stock options and Employee Stock Purchase Plan (“ESPP”) purchase rights is affected by assumptions regarding subjective and complex variables. Generally, our assumptions are based on historical information and judgment is required to determine if historical trends may be indicators of future outcomes. We estimate the fair value of our stock-based awards as follows:

•Restricted Stock Units and Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units. The fair value of restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units (other than market-based restricted stock units) is determined based on the quoted market price of our common stock on the date of grant.

•Market-Based Restricted Stock Units. Market-based restricted stock units consist of grants of performance-based restricted stock units to certain members of executive management that vest contingent upon the achievement of pre-determined market and service conditions (referred to herein as “market-based restricted stock units”). The fair value of our market-based restricted stock units is estimated using a Monte-Carlo simulation model. Key assumptions for the Monte-Carlo simulation model are the risk-free interest rate, expected volatility, expected dividends and correlation coefficient.

•Stock Options and ESPP. The fair value of stock options and stock purchase rights granted pursuant to our equity incentive plans and our 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended, respectively, is estimated using the Black-Scholes valuation model based on the multiple-award valuation method. Key assumptions of the Black-Scholes valuation model are the risk-free interest rate, expected volatility, expected term and expected dividends. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury yields in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the option. Expected volatility is based on a combination of historical stock price volatility and implied volatility of publicly-traded options on our common stock. An expected term is estimated based on historical exercise behavior, post-vesting termination patterns, options outstanding and future expected exercise behavior.

There were an insignificant number of stock options granted during fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023.

The estimated assumptions used in the Black-Scholes valuation model to value our ESPP purchase rights were as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | | | | ESPP Purchase Rights  
| | | | | Year Ended March 31,  
| | | | | 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
Risk-free interest rate| | | | | 4.2 \- 5.0%| | 5.0 \- 5.5%| | 3.1% - 5.0%  
Expected volatility| | | | | 21 \- 30%| | 19 \- 24%| | 27 \- 31%  
Weighted-average volatility| | | | | 28%| | 23%| | 29%  
Expected term| | | | | 6 \- 12 months| | 6 \- 12 months| | 6 \- 12 months  
Expected dividends| | | | | 0.7%| | 0.8 | %| | 0.8 | %  

The assumptions used in the Monte-Carlo simulation model to value our market-based restricted stock units were as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | | | |   
| Year Ended March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
Risk-free interest rate| 4.5%| | 4.4 | %| | 3.3%  
Expected volatility| 23 \- 43%| | 25 \- 59%| | 33 \- 56%  
Weighted-average volatility| 31%| | 39%| | 43%  
Expected dividends| None| | None| | None  

67

* * *

Table of Contents

Summary of Plans and Plan Activity

Equity Incentive Plans

We have equity awards outstanding under two incentive plans: our 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2019 Equity Plan”), as amended, and our 2000 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the “2000 Equity Plan”). Our 2019 Equity Plan allows us to grant options to purchase our common stock and to grant restricted stock, restricted stock units and stock appreciation rights to our employees, officers, and directors, up to a maximum of 29.5 million shares, plus any shares authorized for grant or subject to awards under the 2000 Equity Plan that are not delivered to participants for any reason. Pursuant to the 2019 Equity Plan, incentive stock options may be granted to employees and officers and non-qualified options may be granted to employees, officers, and directors, at not less than 100 percent of the fair market value on the date of grant.

Approximately 10.6 million restricted stock units or options were available for grant under our 2019 Equity Plan as of March 31, 2025.

Stock Options

Options granted under the 2019 Equity Plan and the 2000 Equity Plan generally expire ten years from the date of grant. All outstanding options were fully vested and exercisable as of March 31, 2025.

The following table summarizes our stock option activity for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | Options  
(in thousands)| | Weighted-  
Average  
Exercise Prices| | Weighted-  
Average  
Remaining  
Contractual  
Term (in years)| | Aggregate  
Intrinsic Value  
(in millions)  
Outstanding as of March 31, 2024| | 12 | | | $| 64.00 | | | | |   
| | | | | | | |   
Granted| | 3 | | | 136.58 | | | | |   
Exercised| | (8)| | | 92.08 | | | | |   
Forfeited, cancelled or expired| | (1)| | | 58.76 | | | | |   
Outstanding as of March 31, 2025| | 6 | | | $| 63.51 | | | 3.25| | $| 0.5 |   
Vested and expected to vest| | 6 | | | $| 63.51 | | | 3.25| | $| 0.5 |   
Exercisable as of March 31, 2025| | 6 | | | $| 63.51 | | | 3.25| | $| 0.5 |   

The aggregate intrinsic value represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value based on our closing stock price as of March 31, 2025, which would have been received by the option holders had all the option holders exercised their options as of that date. The total intrinsic values of stock options exercised during fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 were $0.4 million, $10 million, and $15 million, respectively. We issue new common stock from our authorized shares upon the exercise of stock options.

Restricted Stock Units

We grant restricted stock units under our 2019 Equity Plan to employees worldwide. Restricted stock units are unfunded, unsecured rights to receive common stock upon the satisfaction of certain vesting criteria. Upon vesting, a number of shares of common stock equivalent to the number of restricted stock units are typically issued net of required tax withholding requirements, if any. Restricted stock units are subject to forfeiture and transfer restrictions. Vesting for restricted stock units is based on the holders’ continued employment with us through each applicable vest date. If the vesting conditions are not met, unvested restricted stock units will be forfeited. Our restricted stock units generally vest over 35 months to four years.

68

* * *

Table of Contents

The following table summarizes our restricted stock units activity, excluding performance-based and market-based restricted stock unit activity which is discussed below, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | Restricted  
Stock Units  
(in thousands)| | Weighted-  
Average Grant  
Date Fair Values  
Outstanding as of March 31, 2024| | 7,480 | | | $| 128.31 |   
| | | |   
Granted| | 4,760 | | | 138.59 |   
Vested| | (4,228)| | | 129.53 |   
Forfeited or cancelled| | (463)| | | 131.82 |   
Outstanding as of March 31, 2025| | 7,549 | | | $| 133.90 |   

The grant date fair value of restricted stock units is based on the quoted market price of our common stock on the date of grant. The weighted-average grant date fair values of restricted stock units granted during fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 were $138.59, $129.30, and $126.41, respectively. The fair values of restricted stock units that vested during fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 were $633 million, $519 million, and $460 million, respectively.

Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units

Our performance-based restricted stock units vest upon the achievement of pre-determined performance-based milestones, including, but not limited to, management reporting milestones of net bookings and operating income metrics, as well as service conditions. If these performance-based milestones are not met but service conditions are met, the performance-based restricted stock units will not vest, in which case any compensation expense we have recognized to date will be reversed. Generally, the measurement periods of our performance-based restricted stock units are 3 years, with awards vesting after each annual measurement period or cliff-vesting after the completion of the total aggregate measurement period.

Each quarter, we update our assessment of the probability that the performance milestones will be achieved. We amortize the fair values of performance-based restricted stock units over the requisite service period. The performance-based restricted stock units contain threshold, target and maximum milestones for each performance-based milestone. The number of shares of common stock to be issued at vesting will range from zero to 200 percent of the target number of performance-based restricted stock units attributable to each performance-based milestone based on the company’s performance as compared to these threshold, target and maximum performance-based milestones. Each performance-based milestone is weighted evenly and the number of shares that vest based on each performance-based milestone is independent from the other.

The following table summarizes our performance-based restricted stock unit activity, presented with the maximum number of shares that could potentially vest, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025:

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Performance-  
Based Restricted  
Stock Units  
(in thousands)| | Weighted-  
Average Grant  
Date Fair Value  
Outstanding as of March 31, 2024| 836 | | | $| 129.60 |   
Granted| 763 | | | 137.53 |   
Vested| (277)| | | 133.67 |   
Forfeited or cancelled| (318)| | | 129.29 |   
Outstanding as of March 31, 2025| 1,004 | | | $| 134.60 |   

The weighted-average grant date fair values of performance-based restricted stock units granted during fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 were $137.53, $128.66, and $127.98 respectively. The fair values of performance-based restricted stock units that vested during fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 were $35 million, $11 million, and $9 million respectively. 

69

* * *

Table of Contents

Market-Based Restricted Stock Units

Our market-based restricted stock units vest contingent upon the achievement of pre-determined market and service conditions. If these market conditions are not met but service conditions are met, the market-based restricted stock units will not vest; however, any compensation expense we have recognized to date will not be reversed. The number of shares of common stock to be issued at vesting for these awards are based on our total stockholder return (“TSR”) relative to the performance of either companies in the Nasdaq-100 (for awards granted in fiscal years 2023 and 2024) or the S&P 500 Index (for awards granted in fiscal year 2025) (“Relative TSR”) and on absolute TSR performance measured against pre-established goals, which started in fiscal year 2025 (“Absolute TSR”), each over a three-year period. Payout with respect to the Relative TSR component ranges from zero to 200 percent of the target number of Relative TSR units granted, and payout with respect to the Absolute TSR component ranges from zero to 75 percent of the target number of the underlying base award (which is comprised of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units and Relative TSR units). These awards cliff-vest after the completion of the three-year measurement period, contingent on the achievement of both market and service conditions.

We amortize the fair values of market-based restricted stock units over the requisite service period.

The following table summarizes our market-based restricted stock unit activity, presented with the maximum number of shares that could potentially vest, for the year ended March 31, 2025:| | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | Market-Based  
Restricted Stock  
Units  
(in thousands)| | Weighted-  
Average Grant  
Date Fair Value  
Outstanding as of March 31, 2024| | 354 | | | $| 168.53 |   
Granted| | 381 | | | 80.91 |   
Vested| | (25)| | | 173.25 |   
Forfeited or cancelled| | (73)| | | 173.25 |   
Outstanding as of March 31, 2025| | 637 | | | $| 115.43 |   

The weighted-average grant date fair values of market-based restricted stock units granted during fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 were $80.91, $152.92, and $176.70, respectively. The fair values of market-based restricted stock units that vested during fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 were $3 million, $4 million, and $12 million, respectively.

ESPP

Pursuant to our ESPP, eligible employees may authorize payroll deductions of between 2 percent and 10 percent of their compensation to purchase shares of common stock at 85 percent of the lower of the market price of our common stock on the date of commencement of the applicable offering period or on the last day of each six-month purchase period.

The following table summarizes our ESPP activity for fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | Shares Issued   
(in millions)| | Exercise Prices for Purchase Rights| | Weighted-Average Fair Values of Purchase Rights  
Fiscal Year 2023| | 0.7 | | | $96.34 \- $111.86| | $| 33.91 |   
Fiscal Year 2024| | 0.8 | | | $94.96 \- $102.58| | $| 30.82 |   
Fiscal Year 2025| | 0.7 | | | $102.58 \- $120.94| | $| 34.07 |   

The fair values were estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes valuation model. We issue new common stock out of the ESPP’s pool of authorized shares. As of March 31, 2025, 2.1 million shares were available for grant under our ESPP.

70

* * *

Table of Contents

Stock-Based Compensation Expense

The following table summarizes stock-based compensation expense resulting from stock options, restricted stock units, market-based restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock units, and the ESPP purchase rights included in our Consolidated Statements of Operations (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | Year Ended March 31,  
| | 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
Cost of revenue| | $| 14 | | | $| 8 | | | $| 7 |   
Research and development| | 457 | | | 418 | | | 367 |   
Marketing and sales| | 56 | | | 52 | | | 59 |   
General and administrative| | 115 | | | 106 | | | 115 |   
Stock-based compensation expense| | $| 642 | | | $| 584 | | | $| 548 |   

During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, we recognized $85 million, $79 million, and $72 million, respectively, of deferred income tax benefit related to our stock-based compensation expense.

As of March 31, 2025, our total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options, restricted stock units, market-based restricted stock units, and performance-based restricted stock units was $766 million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average service period of 1.7 years. Of the $766 million of unrecognized compensation cost, $740 million relates to restricted stock units, $13 million relates to performance-based restricted stock units, and $13 million relates to market-based restricted stock units.

Deferred Compensation Plan

We have a Deferred Compensation Plan (“DCP”) for the benefit of a select group of management or highly compensated employees and directors, which is unfunded and intended to be a plan that is not qualified within the meaning of section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. The DCP permits the deferral of the annual base salary and/or director cash compensation up to a maximum amount. The deferrals are held in a separate trust, which has been established by us to administer the DCP. The trust is a grantor trust and the specific terms of the trust agreement provide that the assets of the trust are available to satisfy the claims of general creditors in the event of our insolvency. The assets held by the trust are classified as trading securities and are held at fair value on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The assets and liabilities of the DCP are presented in other assets and other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, respectively, with changes in the fair value of the assets and in the deferred compensation liability recognized as compensation expense. The estimated fair value of the assets was $36 million and $30 million as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. As of March 31, 2025 and 2024, $36 million and $31 million were recorded, respectively, to recognize undistributed deferred compensation due to employees.

401(k) Plan, Registered Retirement Savings Plan and ITP Plan

We have a 401(k) plan covering substantially all of our U.S. employees, a Registered Retirement Savings Plan covering substantially all of our Canadian employees, and an ITP pension plan covering substantially all our Swedish employees. These plans may permit us to make discretionary contributions to employees’ accounts based on our financial performance. We contributed an aggregate of $35 million, $39 million, and $42 million to these plans in fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively.

Stock Repurchase Program

In November 2020, our Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $2.6 billion of our common stock. We completed repurchases under the November 2020 program in October 2022.

In August 2022, our Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $2.6 billion of our common stock. This program was terminated on May 8, 2024.

71

* * *

Table of Contents

In May 2024, the Company’s Audit Committee, upon delegation from the Company’s Board of Directors, authorized a new program to repurchase up to $5.0 billion of our common stock. This program superseded and replaced the August 2022 program and expires on May 9, 2027. Under this program, we may purchase stock in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable securities laws, including pursuant to pre-arranged stock trading plans. The timing and actual amount of the stock repurchases will depend on several factors including price, capital availability, regulatory requirements, alternative investment opportunities and other market conditions. We are not obligated to repurchase a specific number of shares of our common stock under this program and it may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time. We are actively repurchasing shares under this program.

In February 2025, we entered into an ASR Agreement with Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC., under which we purchased an aggregate of $1.0 billion of our common stock as part of the May 2024 repurchase program. Under the terms of the ASR Agreement, we received an aggregate delivery of 7.0 million shares of our common stock as of March 31, 2025, which were immediately retired. 

Final settlement of the ASR Agreement occurred on April 25, 2025 and we received an additional 0.4 million shares, for total repurchases of 7.4 million shares at an average price of $135.05. The total number of shares delivered and the average purchase price paid per share are determined upon final settlement based on the volume weighted average price over the term of the ASR, less an agreed upon discount. Based on our ability to settle the ASR Agreement in shares, the $1.0 billion prepayment under the ASR Agreement was classified as a reduction to additional paid-in capital and common stock within the Consolidated Statement of Stockholders’ Equity.

The following table summarizes total shares repurchased during fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| November 2020 Program| | August 2022 Program| | May 2024 Program| | Total  
(In millions)| Shares| | Amount| | Shares| | Amount(a)| | Shares| | Amount(a)| | Shares| | Amount  
Fiscal Year 2023| 5.1 | | | $| 650 | | | 5.3 | | | $| 645 | | | — | | | $| — | | | 10.4 | | | $| 1,295 |   
Fiscal Year 2024| — | | | $| — | | | 10.0 | | | $| 1,300 | | | — | | | $| — | | | 10.0 | | | $| 1,300 |   
Fiscal Year 2025| — | | | $| — | | | 1.2 | | | $| 152 | | | 16.4 | | | $| 2,348 | | | 17.6 | | | $| 2,500 |   
(a)Amount excludes excise taxes. Accrued excise taxes are included in accrued and other current liabilities and additional paid-in capital on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  

72

* * *

Table of Contents

(16) INTEREST AND OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE), NET

Interest and other income (expense), net, for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 consisted of (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
Interest expense| $| (58)| | | $| (58)| | | $| (58)|   
Interest income| 125 | | | 126 | | | 49 |   
Net gain (loss) on foreign currency transactions| (29)| | | (10)| | | 31 |   
Net gain (loss) on foreign currency forward contracts| 45 | | | 12 | | | (29)|   
Other income (expense), net| 2 | | | 1 | | | 1 |   
Interest and other income (expense), net| $| 85 | | | $| 71 | | | $| (6)|   

73

* * *

Table of Contents

(17) EARNINGS PER SHARE

The following table summarizes the computations of basic earnings per share (“Basic EPS”) and diluted earnings per share (“Diluted EPS”). Basic EPS is computed as net income divided by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that could occur from common shares issuable through stock-based compensation plans including stock options, restricted stock units, market-based restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock units, and ESPP purchase rights using the treasury stock method.| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended March 31,  
(In millions, except per share amounts)| 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
Net income| $| 1,121 | | | $| 1,273 | | | $| 802 |   
Shares used to compute earnings per share:| | | | |   
Weighted-average common stock outstanding — basic| 262 | | | 270 | | | 277 |   
Dilutive potential common shares related to stock award plans| 2 | | | 2 | | | 1 |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
Weighted-average common stock outstanding — diluted| 264 | | | 272 | | | 278 |   
Earnings per share:| | | | |   
Basic| $| 4.28 | | | $| 4.71 | | | $| 2.90 |   
Diluted| $| 4.25 | | | $| 4.68 | | | $| 2.88 |   

Certain restricted stock units, market-based restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units were excluded from the treasury stock method computation of diluted shares as their inclusion would have had an antidilutive effect. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, one million such shares were excluded, and for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, two million such shares were excluded.

74

* * *

Table of Contents

(18) SEGMENT AND REVENUE INFORMATION

Our reporting segment is based upon: our internal organizational structure; the manner in which our operations are managed; the criteria used by our Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”), to evaluate segment performance; the availability of separate financial information; and overall materiality considerations. As of March 31, 2025, we have one reportable segment, which represents our only operating segment. Our CODM makes decisions on resource allocation and assesses performance of the business based on our consolidated results, including net income. 

Our CODM does not review any information regarding total assets on an operating segment basis, and accordingly, no disclosure is made with respect thereto. 

Information about our single reportable segment net revenue, net income, and significant segment expenses for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 is presented below (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
Net revenue| $| 7,463 | | | $| 7,562 | | | $| 7,426 |   
Less:| | | | |   
Cost of revenue (1)| 1,489 | | | 1,626 | | | 1,665 |   
Research and development (1)| 2,112 | | | 2,002 | | | 1,961 |   
Marketing and sales (1)| 906 | | | 967 | | | 919 |   
General and administrative (1)| 625 | | | 583 | | | 568 |   
Amortization and impairment of intangibles| 107 | | | 218 | | | 278 |   
Restructuring and related charges| 62 | | | 64 | | | 155 |   
Stock-based compensation| 642 | | | 584 | | | 548 |   
Interest and other (income) expenses, net| (85)| | | (71)| | | 6 |   
Provision for income taxes| 484 | | | 316 | | | 524 |   
Net income| $| 1,121 | | | $| 1,273 | | | $| 802 |   
(1) Excludes amounts related to amortization and impairment of intangibles, restructuring and related charges, and stock-based compensation, which are presented separately in the table above.   

Information about our total net revenue by timing of recognition for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 is presented below (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
Net revenue by timing of recognition| | | | |   
Revenue recognized at a point in time| $| 2,665 | | | $| 2,563 | | | $| 2,389 |   
Revenue recognized over time| 4,798 | | | 4,999 | | | 5,037 |   
Net revenue| $| 7,463 | | | $| 7,562 | | | $| 7,426 |   

Generally, performance obligations that are recognized upfront upon transfer of control are classified as revenue recognized at a point in time, while performance obligations that are recognized over either the Estimated Offering Period, contractual term or subscription period as the services are provided are classified as revenue recognized over time.

Revenue recognized at a point in time includes revenue allocated to the software license performance obligation. This also includes a portion of revenue from the licensing of software to third-parties.

Revenue recognized over time includes service revenue allocated to the future update rights and the online hosting performance obligations. This also includes online-hosted services such as our Ultimate Team game mode, revenue allocated to the future update rights from licensing of software to third-parties, subscription services, and revenue recognized from third parties that publish games and services under a license to certain of our intellectual property assets.

75

* * *

Table of Contents

Information about our total net revenue by composition for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 is presented below (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
Net revenue by composition| | | | |   
Full game downloads| $| 1,478 | | | $| 1,343 | | | $| 1,262 |   
Packaged goods| 524 | | | 672 | | | 675 |   
Full game| 2,002 | | | 2,015 | | | 1,937 |   
| | | | |   
Live services and other| 5,461 | | | 5,547 | | | 5,489 |   
Net revenue| $| 7,463 | | | $| 7,562 | | | $| 7,426 |   

Full game net revenue includes full game downloads and packaged goods. Full game downloads primarily include revenue from digital sales of full games on console, PC, and certain licensing revenue. Packaged goods primarily includes revenue from full games that are sold physically to mass market retailers, specialty stores and through distribution arrangements.

Live services and other net revenue primarily includes revenue from sales of extra content for console, PC, and mobile games, certain licensing revenue, subscriptions, and advertising.

Information about our total net revenue by platform for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 is presented below (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
Platform net revenue| | | | |   
Console| $| 4,776 | | | $| 4,632 | | | $| 4,443 |   
PC and other| 1,547 | | | 1,717 | | | 1,729 |   
Mobile| 1,140 | | | 1,213 | | | 1,254 |   
Net revenue| $| 7,463 | | | $| 7,562 | | | $| 7,426 |   

Information about our operations in North America and internationally for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 is presented below (in millions):| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024| | 2023  
Net revenue from unaffiliated customers| | | | |   
North America| $| 3,078 | | | $| 3,001 | | | $| 3,151 |   
International| 4,385 | | | 4,561 | | | 4,275 |   
Net revenue| $| 7,463 | | | $| 7,562 | | | $| 7,426 |   

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of March 31,  
| 2025| | 2024  
Long-lived assets| | |   
North America| $| 438 | | | $| 420 |   
International| 148 | | | 158 |   
Total| $| 586 | | | $| 578 |   

We attribute net revenue from external customers to individual countries based on the location of the legal entity that sells the products and/or services. Note that revenue attributed to the legal entity that makes the sale is often not the country where the consumer resides. For example, revenue generated by our Swiss legal entity includes digital revenue from consumers who reside outside of Switzerland, including consumers who reside outside of Europe. Revenue generated by our Swiss legal entity during fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 represents $4,279 million, $4,374 million and $4,085 million or 57 percent, 58 percent and 55 percent of our total net revenue, respectively. Revenue generated in the United States represents over 99 percent of our total North America net revenue. There were no other countries with net revenue greater than 10 percent.

76

* * *

Table of Contents

In fiscal year 2025, our direct sales to Sony and Microsoft represented approximately 39 percent and 17 percent of total net revenue, respectively. In fiscal year 2024, our direct sales to Sony and Microsoft represented approximately 37 percent and 16 percent of total net revenue, respectively. In fiscal year 2023, our direct sales to Sony and Microsoft represented approximately 32 percent and 16 percent of total net revenue, respectively.

77

* * *

Table of Contents

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 

Electronic Arts Inc.:

Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Electronic Arts Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of March 29, 2025 and March 30, 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended March 29, 2025, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of March 29, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 29, 2025 and March 30, 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended March 29, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of March 29, 2025 based on criteria established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

Basis for Opinions

The Company’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

78

* * *

Table of Contents

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Assessment of the estimated offering period 

As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, revenue for transactions that include future update rights and/or online hosting performance obligations are subject to deferral and recognized over the Estimated Offering Period. Determining the Estimated Offering Period is inherently subjective because it is not an explicitly defined period. The Company’s determination of the Estimated Offering Period considers the following factors:

•the average period of time customers are online

•for physical games sold at retail, the period of time between the date a game unit is sold to a reseller and the date the reseller sells the game unit to the customer

•known and expected online gameplay trends

•disclosed service periods for competitors’ games.

The Company reported net revenue of $7,463 million for the year-ended March 29, 2025 and deferred net revenue of $1,866 million as of March 29, 2025.

We identified the assessment of the Estimated Offering Period as a critical audit matter. A high degree of audit effort and subjective and complex auditor judgment was required to evaluate the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained over the Estimated Offering Period, including whether historical experience and other qualitative factors, such as those described above, are indicative of the time period during which the Company’s games and extra content are played by its customers.

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company’s process to determine the Estimated Offering Period, including controls over the factors noted above and the Company’s review of the Estimated Offering Period concluded for use in recognizing revenue. We evaluated the model the Company used to develop the Estimated Offering Period against the accounting requirements and for potential management bias. We computed the average period of time customers are online as well as the period of time between the date a game unit is sold to a reseller and the date the reseller sells the game unit to the customer by using the Company’s internal data. We compared the results of these computations against the periods used by the Company in its Estimated Offering Period model. We obtained disclosed service periods for competitors’ games and compared them against the data used by the Company. We compared known and expected online gameplay trends used in the determination of the Estimated Offering Period to historical Company information and publicly available industry information. We performed a sensitivity analysis over the Company’s Estimated Offering Period to assess the impact of potential changes in the Estimated Offering Period on revenue. We assessed the sufficiency of evidence obtained related to the Estimated Offering Period by evaluating the results of the procedures performed.

/s/ KPMG LLP

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1987.

Santa Clara, California

May 13, 2025

79

* * *

Table of Contents

Item 9: Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

Not applicable.

Item 9A: Controls and Procedures

Definition and Limitations of Disclosure Controls

Our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this report, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluates these controls and procedures on an ongoing basis.

There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures. These limitations include the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of the controls and procedures and reasonable resource constraints. In addition, because we have designed our system of controls based on certain assumptions, which we believe are reasonable, about the likelihood of future events, our system of controls may not achieve its desired purpose under all possible future conditions. Accordingly, our disclosure controls and procedures provide reasonable assurance, but not absolute assurance, of achieving their objectives.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, believe that as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in providing the requisite reasonable assurance that material information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding the required disclosure.

Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act.

Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting. These limitations include the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of the system and reasonable resource constraints. Because of its inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with our policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our most recently completed fiscal year. In making its assessment, management used the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, our management has concluded that, as of the end of our most recently completed fiscal year, our internal control over financial reporting was effective and provided a reasonable level of assurance.

KPMG LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an auditors’ report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. That report appears on Page 78.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There has been no change in our internal controls over financial reporting identified in connection with our evaluation that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2025 that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.

80

* * *

Table of Contents

Item 9B: Other Information

Rule 10b5-1 Plans

During the three months ended March 31, 2025, none of our directors or executive officers adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or a “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K.

Item 9C: Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not Applicable.

81

* * *

Table of Contents

PART III

Item 10: Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

The information required by Item 10, other than the information regarding executive officers, which is included in Part I, Item 1 of this report, is incorporated herein by reference to the information to be included in our 2025 Proxy under the headings “Proxy Highlights”, “Board of Directors and Corporate Governance,” “Insider Trading, Anti-Hedging and Anti-Pledging Policies” and, as applicable, “Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports.”

Item 11: Executive Compensation

The information required by Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the information to be included in the 2025 Proxy under the headings “Director Compensation”, “Compensation Discussion & Analysis” and “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation.”

Item 12: Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The information required by Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to the information to be included in the 2025 Proxy under the headings “Executive Compensation Tables” and “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.”

Item 13: Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

The information required by Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the information to be included in the 2025 Proxy under the headings “Director Independence”, “Related Persons Transaction Policy”, and, as applicable, “Related Person Transactions.”

Item 14: Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The information required by Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the information to be included in Proposal 3 of the 2025 Proxy and under the heading “Audit Matters.”

PART IV

Item 15: Exhibits and Financial Statements

(a)Documents filed as part of this report

1\. Financial Statements: See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 on Page 33 of this report.

2\. Financial Statement Schedules: The Financial Statement Schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or are not required or are not present in material amounts or the information required to be set forth herein is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto.

3\. Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits on Page 83 are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this report.

Item 16: Form 10-K Summary

None.

82

* * *

Table of Contents

ELECTRONIC ARTS INC.

2025 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT

EXHIBIT INDEX| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
|  |  | | Incorporated by Reference|  | Filed  
Herewith  
Number|  | Exhibit Title| | Form|  | File No.|  | Filing Date|   
| | | | | | | | | |   
3.01| | Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation| | 8-K| | 000-17948| | 8/13/2021|  |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
3.02| | Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation| | 8-K| | 000-17948| | 8/15/2022| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
3.03| | Amended and Restated Bylaws| | 8-K| | 000-17948| | 8/15/2022|  |   
| | | | | |   
4.01| | Specimen Certificate of Registrant’s Common Stock| | 10-Q| | 000-17948| | 2/6/2018|  |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
4.02| | Description of Securities| | 10-K| | 000-17948| | 5/22/2024| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
4.03| | Indenture, dated as of February 24, 2016 by and between Electronic Arts Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee| | 8-K| | 000-17948| | 2/24/2016| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
4.04| | First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 24, 2016, between Electronic Arts Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee| | 8-K| | 000-17948| | 2/24/2016| |   
| | | | | |   
4.05| | Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 11, 2021, between Electronic Arts Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee| | 8-K| | 000-17948| | 2/11/2021| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
10.01*| | Form of Indemnity Agreement with Directors| | 10-K| | 000-17948| | 6/4/2004|  |   
| | | | | |   
10.02*| | Electronic Arts Inc. Executive Bonus Plan| | 10-Q| | 000-17948| | 8/2/2024|  |   
| | | | | |   
10.03*| | Electronic Arts Inc. Amended and Restated Change in Control Severance Plan| | 8-K| | 000-17948| | 11/19/2021| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
10.04*| | Electronic Arts Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan| | 10-K| | 000-17948| | 5/22/2024|  |   
| | | | | |   
10.05*| | EA Bonus Plan| | 8-K| | 000-17948| | 5/18/2018| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
10.06*| | Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement| | 10-K| | 000-17948| | 5/24/2023| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
10.07*| | Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement| | 8-K| | 000-17948| | 5/16/2024| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
10.08*| | 2000 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, and related documents| | 8-K| | 000-17948| | 8/1/2016| |   
| | | | | |   
10.09*| | 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended| | 10-Q| | 000-17948| | 2/8/2022| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
10.10*| | Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement| | 10-K| | 000-17948| | 5/22/2024| |   
| | | | | | | | |   
10.11*| | Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement For Non-Employee Directors | | 10-K| | 000-17948| | 5/24/2023| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
10.12*| | Amended and Restated 2019 Equity Incentive Plan| | 8-K| | 000-17948| | 8/5/2024| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
10.13*| | Electronic Arts Inc. Executive Officer Cash Severance Policy| | 8-K| | 000-17948| | 9/1/2022| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
10.14*| | Offer Letter for Employment at Electronic Arts Inc. to Andrew Wilson, dated September 15, 2013| | 8-K| | 000-17948| | 9/17/2013| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
10.15*| | Offer Letter for Employment at Electronic Arts Inc. to Stuart Canfield, dated June 19, 2023| | 8-K| | 000-17948| | 6/20/2023| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
10.16*| | Offer Letter for Employment at Electronic Arts Inc. to Mala Singh, dated August 27, 2016| | 10-Q| | 000-17948| | 11/8/2016| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   

83

* * *

Table of Contents

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
|  |  | | Incorporated by Reference|  | Filed  
Herewith  
Number|  | Exhibit Title| | Form|  | File No.|  | Filing Date|   
10.17**| | Durango Publisher License Agreement, dated June 29, 2012, by and among Electronic Arts Inc., EA International (Studio & Publishing) Ltd., Microsoft Licensing, GP and Microsoft Corporation| | 10-K| | 000-17948| | 5/21/2014| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
10.18**| | Xbox Console Publisher License Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2020, between Microsoft Corporation, Electronic Arts Inc. and EA Swiss Sàrl| | 10-Q| | 000-17948| | 11/10/2020| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
10.19**| | Addendum to Xbox Console Publisher License Agreement, effective as of July 1, 2024, between Microsoft Corporation, Electronic Arts Inc. and EA Swiss Sàrl| | 10-Q| | 000-17948| | 8/2/2024| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
10.20**| | Playstation Global Developer & Publisher Agreement, dated April 1, 2018, by and among Electronic Arts Inc., EA International (Studio & Publishing) Ltd., Sony Interactive Entertainment Inc., Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC, and Sony Interactive Entertainment Europe Ltd| | 10-Q| | 000-17948| | 8/8/2018| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
10.21**| | PlayStation 5 Amendment to the PlayStation Global Developer and Publisher Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2020, by and among Electronic Arts Inc., EA Swiss Sàrl, Sony Interactive Entertainment, Inc., Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC, and Sony Interactive Entertainment Europe Limited| | 10-Q| | 000-17948| | 11/10/2020| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
10.22| | Credit Agreement, dated March 22, 2023, by and among Electronic Arts Inc., the lenders from time to time party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent| | 8-K| | 000-17948| | 3/22/2023| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
19.1| | Electronic Arts Inc. Insider Trading Policy| | 10-K| | 000-17948| | 5/22/2024| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
21.1| | Subsidiaries of the Registrant| | | | | | | | X  
| | | | | | | | | |   
23.1| | Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm| | | | | | | | X  
| | | | | | | | | |   
31.1| | Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002| | | | | | | | X  
| | | | | |   
31.2| | Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002| | | | | | | | X  
| | | | | |   
Additional exhibits furnished with this report:| | | | | | | |   
| | | | | |   
32.1| | Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002| | | | | | | | X  
| | | | | |   
32.2| | Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002| | | | | | | | X  
| | | | | | |   
97| | Electronic Arts Inc. Clawback Policy| | 10-K| | 000-17948| | 5/22/2024| |   
| | | | | | | | | |   
101.INS†| | Inline XBRL Instance Document| | | | | | | | X  
| | | | | |   
101.SCH†| | Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document| | | | | | | | X  
| | | | | | | | | |   
101.CAL†| | Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document| | | | | | | | X  
| | | | | |   
101.DEF†| | Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document| | | | | | | | X  
| | | | | |   
101.LAB†| | Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document| | | | | | | | X  
| | | | | | | | |   

84

* * *

Table of Contents

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
|  |  | | Incorporated by Reference|  | Filed  
Herewith  
Number|  | Exhibit Title| | Form|  | File No.|  | Filing Date|   
101.PRE†| | Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document| | | | | | | | X  
104| | The Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101)| | | | | | | |   

| | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---  
*| Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.  
**| Confidential portions of these documents have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment.  

85

* * *

Table of Contents

SIGNATURES

| | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.  
| ELECTRONIC ARTS INC.  
| By:| /s/ Andrew Wilson  
| | Andrew Wilson  
| | Chief Executive Officer  
| | Date: May 13, 2025  
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated and on the 13th of May, 2025.  

| | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Name|  | Title  
| |   
/s/ Andrew Wilson|  | Chief Executive Officer  
Andrew Wilson|  |   
| |   
/s/ Stuart Canfield|  | Executive Vice President and  
Stuart Canfield| | Chief Financial Officer  
| |   
| |   
/s/ Eric Kelly| | Senior Vice President and  
Eric Kelly| | Chief Accounting Officer  
| |   
| |   
Directors:|  |   
/s/ Andrew Wilson|  | Chair of the Board  
Andrew Wilson|  |   
| |   
/s/ Kofi A. Bruce| | Director  
Kofi A. Bruce| |   
| |   
/s/ Rachel A. Gonzalez|  | Director  
Rachel A. Gonzalez|  |   
| |   
/s/ Jeffrey T. Huber|  | Director  
Jeffrey T. Huber|  |   
| |   
/s/ Talbott Roche| | Director  
Talbott Roche| |   
| |   
/s/ Richard A. Simonson|  | Director  
Richard A. Simonson|  |   
| |   
/s/ Luis A. Ubiñas|  | Director  
Luis A. Ubiñas|  |   
| |   
/s/ Heidi Ueberroth | | Director  
Heidi Ueberroth| |   

86