UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,

D.C.

20549

FORM 

10-K

(Mark One) 

☒

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO

SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

December 28, 2024

☐

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO

SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF

1934 

For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 

Commission file number 

0-27078

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Delaware

11-3136595

(State or other jurisdiction of

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

incorporation or organization)

135 Duryea Road

Melville

, 

New York

(Address of principal executive offices) 

11747

(Zip Code) 

(

631

) 

843-5500

(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)

of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $.01 per share

HSIC

The 

Nasdaq

Global Select Market

Securities registered pursuant to Section

12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

YES

:

☒

NO:

☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

YES:

☐

NO

:

☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing 

requirements for the past 90 days. 

YES

:

☒

NO:

☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of 

Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

YES

:

☒

NO:

☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a

large accelerated filer, an

accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer,

a smaller reporting company,

or an 

emerging

growth

company.

See

the

definitions

of

“large

accelerated

filer,”

“accelerated

filer,”

“smaller

reporting

company,”

and

“emerging

growth 

company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

:

☒

Accelerated filer:

☐

Non-accelerated filer:

☐

Smaller reporting company:

☐

Emerging growth company:

☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any 

new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal 

control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared 

or issued its audit report. 

☒

If securities are registered pursuant to

Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by

check mark whether the financial statements of

the registrant included in the 

filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements.

☐

Indicate

by

check

mark

whether

any

of

those

error

corrections

are

restatements

that

required

a

recovery

analysis

of

incentive-based

compensation 

received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b).

☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

YES:

☐

NO

:

☒

The aggregate market value of the registrant’s voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price as 

quoted on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on June 29, 2024, was approximately $

8,092,479,000

. 

As of February 18, 2025, there were 

124,176,781

shares of registrant’s Common Stock, par value $.01 per share, outstanding. 

Documents Incorporated by Reference:

Portions of the Registrant’s definitive proxy statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year 

(December 28, 2024) are incorporated by reference in Part III hereof.

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Number 

PART I

ITEM 1.

Business

3 

ITEM 1A.

Risk Factors

28 

ITEM 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments

42 

ITEM 1C.

Cybersecurity

42 

ITEM 2.

Properties

44 

ITEM 3.

Legal Proceedings

44 

ITEM 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures

44 

PART II

ITEM 5.

Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters

and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

45 

ITEM 6.

[Reserved]

46 

ITEM 7.

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition

and Results of Operations

47 

ITEM 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

70 

ITEM 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

72 

ITEM 9.

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting

and Financial Disclosure

136 

ITEM 9A.

Controls and Procedures

136 

ITEM 9B.

Other Information

140 

ITEM 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

140 

PART III

ITEM 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

140 

ITEM 11.

Executive Compensation

140 

ITEM 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

and Related Stockholder Matters

141 

ITEM 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

141 

ITEM 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services

141 

PART IV

ITEM 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

141 

ITEM 16.

Form

10-K Summary

148 

Signatures

149 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

3 

PART

I 

ITEM 1.

Business 

General 

Henry Schein, Inc. is a solutions company for health care professionals powered

by a network of people and 

technology.

We believe we are the world’s largest

provider of health care products and services primarily to

office-

based dental and medical practitioners, as well as alternate sites of care.

Our philosophy is grounded in our 

commitment to help customers operate a more efficient and successful business so

the practitioner can provide 

better clinical care. 

With 93 years of experience distributing health care products, we have built a vast base of small, mid-sized

and 

large customers in the dental and medical markets, serving more than one million

customers worldwide across 

dental practices, laboratories,

physician practices, and ambulatory surgery centers, as well as government, 

institutional health care clinics and other alternate care clinics.

We are headquartered in Melville, New York

and employ approximately 25,000 people.

Approximately 49% of 

our workforce is based in the United States and 51% outside of the United States.

Our operations or affiliates are 

located in 33 countries and territories.

Our broad global footprint has evolved over time through

organic growth as 

well as through the contribution from our strategic acquisitions. 

We stock a comprehensive selection of more than 300,000 branded products and Henry Schein corporate brand 

products through our main distribution centers.

Our infrastructure, including over 5.4 million square feet of space 

in 36 strategically located distribution centers and 0.5 million square

feet of space in 15 manufacturing facilities 

around the world, enables us to historically provide rapid and accurate order

fulfillment, better serve our customers 

and increase our operating efficiency.

This infrastructure, together with broad product and service offerings

at 

competitive prices, and a strong commitment to customer service, enables

us to be a single source of supply for our 

customers’ needs, which we believe is a competitive advantage. 

During the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 28, 2024,

we revised our reportable segments to align 

with how the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer manages the business, assesses

performance and allocates 

resources.

Our revised reportable segments consist of: (i) Global Distribution

and Value

-Added Services; (ii) 

Global Specialty Products;

and (iii) Global Technology. 

Global Distribution and Value-Added Services includes distribution to the global dental and medical markets of 

national brand and corporate brand merchandise, as well as equipment and related

technical services.

This segment 

also includes value-added services such as financial services, continuing

education services, consulting and other 

services.

This segment also markets and sells under our own corporate brand,

a portfolio of cost-effective, high-

quality consumable merchandise.

Global Specialty Products includes manufacturing, marketing

and sales of dental 

implant and biomaterial products; and endodontic, orthodontic and orthopedic

products and other health care-

related products and services.

Global Technology includes development and distribution of practice management 

software, e-services, and other products, which are distributed to health

care providers. 

Recent Developments 

See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Recent 

Developments” herein for a discussion related to recent Company developments. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

4 

Industry 

The distribution and value-added services industry, as it relates to office-based health care practitioners, is 

fragmented and diverse.

The industry ranges from sole practitioners working out

of relatively small offices to mid-

sized and large group practices ranging in size from a few practitioners to several

hundred practices owned or 

operated by dental support organizations (“DSOs”), medical group purchasing organizations

(“GPOs”), health 

maintenance organizations (“HMOs”), hospital systems or integrated delivery networks (“IDNs”). 

Due in part to the limited capacity of office-based health care practitioners

to store and manage large quantities of 

supplies in their offices, the distribution of health care supplies and small equipment

to office-based health care 

practitioners has been characterized by frequent, small quantity orders,

and a need for rapid, reliable and 

substantially complete order fulfillment.

The purchasing decisions within an office-based health care practice

are 

typically made by the practitioner, hygienist or office manager.

Supplies and small equipment are generally 

purchased from more than one distributor, with one generally serving as the primary supplier. 

The distribution and value-added services industry should benefit from

favorable long-term macro trends that 

should help stimulate patient traffic and demand for products and services.

This includes an aging population, 

increased health care awareness and the importance of preventive care,

an increasing understanding of the 

connection between good oral health and overall health, improved access

to care globally, the proliferation of 

medical technology and testing, new pharmacology treatments and

expanded third-party insurance coverage, 

partially offset by the effects of unemployment on insurance coverage and technological

improvements, including 

the advancement of software and services, prosthetic solutions and telemedicine.

In addition, the non-acute market 

continues to benefit from the shift of procedures and diagnostic

testing from acute care settings to alternate-care 

sites, particularly physicians’ offices and ambulatory surgery centers. 

We believe that consolidation within the industry will continue to result in a number of distributors, particularly 

those with limited financial, operating and marketing resources, seeking

to combine with larger companies that can 

provide growth opportunities.

This consolidation also may continue to result in distributors seeking

to acquire 

companies that can enhance their current product and service offerings or provide

opportunities to serve a broader 

customer base.

In addition, customer consolidation will likely lead to multiple locations

under common management and the 

movement of more procedures from the hospital setting to the physician

or alternate care setting, as the health care 

industry is increasingly focused on efficiency and cost containment.

This trend has benefited distributors capable 

of providing a broad array of products and services at low prices.

It also has accelerated the growth of HMOs, 

group practices, other managed care accounts and collective buying

groups such as DSOs and GPOs, which, in 

addition to their emphasis on obtaining products at competitive prices,

tend to favor distributors capable of 

providing specialized management information support.

We believe that the trend towards cost containment has 

the potential to favorably affect demand for technology solutions, including software,

which can enhance the 

efficiency and facilitation of practice management. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

5 

Competition

The distribution and manufacture of health care supplies and equipment is

highly competitive.

Many of the health 

care products we sell are available to our customers from a number of suppliers.

In addition, our competitors could 

obtain exclusive rights from manufacturers to market particular products.

Manufacturers also could seek to sell 

directly to end-users, and thereby eliminate or reduce our role and

that of other distributors.

In certain parts of the 

dental end market, such as those related to dental specialty products, and

medical end market manufacturers already 

sell directly to end customers. 

In North America, we compete with other distributors, as well as several

manufacturers, of dental and medical 

products, primarily on the basis of price, breadth of product line, e-commerce

capabilities, customer service and 

value-added products and services.

In the dental distribution market, our primary competitors in the U.S. are

the 

Patterson Dental division of Patterson Companies, Inc. and Benco Dental Supply

Company.

In addition, we 

compete against a number of other distributors that operate on a national,

regional and local level.

Our primary 

competitors in the U.S. medical distribution market, which accounts

for the large majority of our global medical 

sales, are McKesson Corporation and Medline Industries, Inc., which are national

distributors.

We also compete 

with a number of regional and local medical distributors, as well as a number

of manufacturers that sell directly to 

physicians and patients in their homes. 

Outside of the U.S., we believe we are the only global distributor of supplies

and equipment to dental practices and 

our competitors are primarily local and regional companies.

We also face significant competition internationally, 

where we compete on the basis of price and customer service against

several large competitors, including the 

GACD Group, Proclinic SA, Lifco AB, Nuent Group AB, Planmeca Oy and Billericay

Dental Supply Co. Ltd., as 

well as a large number of other dental and medical product distributors and

manufacturers in international countries 

and territories we serve. 

Within Global Specialty Products,

our primary competitors include Straumann, Envista, Zimvie,

and Dentsply 

Sirona. 

With regard to our dental software, we compete against numerous companies, including the Eaglesoft

division of 

Patterson Companies, Inc., Carestream Dental LLC, Centaur Software Development

Co Pty Ltd. (d.b.a. 

dental4windows, dental4web), Open Dental Software, Inc., PlanetDDS

LLC, Good Methods Global Inc. (d.b.a. 

CareStack), Curve Dental, LLC., the NextGen division of Quality Systems,

Inc., eClinicalWorks and Epic Systems 

Corporation. In other software end markets, including revenue cycle

management, patient relationship management 

and patient demand generation, we compete with companies such as Vyne Medical, Weave Communications, Inc., 

and Solutionreach, Inc.

Many of these competitors connect to our software platforms

through our API program. 

Manufacturing and Raw Materials 

We manufacture certain of our products for our specialty businesses (oral surgery solutions including dental 

implants, endodontics, and orthopedics) at our 15 company manufacturing

sites.

We also outsource certain 

manufacturing to third parties.

We purchase our raw materials from various third-party suppliers.

No single 

supplier is material; however, raw materials may be sourced from a single supplier or a limited number

of suppliers 

for reasons of quality assurance, regulatory requirements, cost, and availability. 

We believe that we have a readily available supply of raw materials and components sourced from various 

suppliers, for our significant products. 

We may experience shortages of raw materials or purchased components.

In recent periods, we have experienced 

increased costs and shortages of purchased components, which

had a negative impact on our profit margins and on 

our sales for certain product categories, due to our inability to fully satisfy

demand. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

6 

Competitive Strengths 

We have 93 years of experience in distributing products to health care practitioners resulting in strong awareness of 

the Henry Schein

®

brand.

Our competitive strengths include: 

A focus on meeting our customers’ unique needs

.

We are committed to providing customized solutions to our 

customers that are driven by our understanding of the end markets we

serve and that reflect the technology-driven 

products and services best suited for their practice needs.

We are committed to continuing to enhance these 

offerings through organic investment in our products and our teams, as well as through the acquisition

of new 

products and services that may help us better serve our customers. 

Direct sales and marketing expertise.

Our sales and marketing efforts are designed to establish and solidify 

customer relationships through personal or virtual visits by field sales representatives,

frequent direct marketing and 

telesales contact, emphasizing our broad product lines, including exclusive

distribution agreements, competitive 

prices and ease of order placement,

particularly through our e-commerce platforms.

The key elements of our direct 

sales and marketing efforts are: 

•

Field sales consultants.

Our field sales consultants, including equipment sales specialists, covering

major 

North American, European and other international markets.

These consultants complement our direct 

marketing and telesales efforts and enable us to better market, service and support

the sale of more 

sophisticated products and equipment. 

•

Marketing.

We market to existing and prospective office-based health care providers through a 

combination of owned, earned and paid digital channels, tradeshows, as well

as through catalogs, flyers, 

direct mail and other promotional materials.

Our strategies include an emphasis on educational content 

through webinars and content marketing initiatives.

We continue to enhance our marketing technology to 

improve our targeting capability and the relevance of messaging and offers. 

•

Telesales.

We support our direct marketing effort with inbound and outbound telesales representatives, 

who facilitate order processing, generate new sales through direct and frequent

contact with customers and 

stay abreast of market developments and the hundreds of new products,

services and technologies 

introduced each year to educate practice personnel. 

•

Electronic commerce solutions.

We provide our customers and sales teams with innovative and 

competitive e-commerce solutions.

We continue to invest in our e-commerce platform to offer enhanced 

content management so customers can more easily find the products

they need and to enable an engaging 

purchase experience, supported by excellent customer service.

•

Social media.

Our operating entities and employees engage our customers and

supplier partners through 

various social media platforms, which are an important element of our

communications and marketing 

efforts.

We continue to expand our social media presence to raise awareness about issues, engage 

customers beyond a sale and deliver services and solutions to specialized

audiences. 

Cost-effective purchasing

.

We believe that cost-effective purchasing is a key element to maintaining and enhancing 

our position as a competitively priced provider of health care products.

We continuously evaluate our purchase 

requirements and suppliers’ offerings and prices in order to obtain products at the

lowest possible cost.

In 2024, 

our top 10 Global Distribution and Value-Added Services suppliers and our single largest supplier accounted for 

approximately 25% and 4%, respectively, of our aggregate purchases. 

Efficient distribution

.

We distribute our products from our 36 strategically located distribution centers.

We strive 

to maintain optimal inventory levels in order to satisfy customer demand

for prompt delivery and complete order 

fulfillment.

These inventory levels are managed on a daily basis with

the aid of our management information 

systems.

Once an order is entered, it is electronically transmitted to the distribution

center nearest the customer’s 

location for order fulfillment. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

7 

Broad product and service offerings at competitive prices.

We offer

a broad range of products and services to our 

customers, at competitive prices, in the following categories: 

Global Distribution and Value-Added Services 

•

Consumable merchandise and equipment.

We distribute consumable products, small equipment, laboratory 

products, large equipment, equipment repair services, branded and generic pharmaceuticals,

vaccines, 

dental specialty products, diagnostic tests, infection-control products and vitamins.

We stock a 

comprehensive selection of more than 300,000 branded products and Henry

Schein corporate brand 

products through our main distribution centers.

We also market and sell our own corporate brand portfolio 

of cost-effective, high-quality consumable merchandise products. 

•

Home health business.

We distribute homecare medical products, including incontinence, urology, ostomy, 

enteral nutrition, advanced wound, and diabetes supplies, as well as

continuous glucose monitoring devices.

These products are delivered directly to patients in their homes, providing

convenience and accessibility 

while supporting patient care and adherence to treatment plans. 

•

Value

-added products and services.

We offer a broad range of value-added solutions, including continuing 

education programs for practitioners, and consulting services.

Our suite of technology-driven tools and 

expert advisory services helps health care professionals enhance practice efficiency and improve

patient 

outcomes. 

•

Repair services.

We have 129 equipment sales and service centers worldwide that provide a variety of 

repair, installation and technical services for our health care customers.

Our technicians provide 

installation and repair services for dental handpieces,

dental and medical small equipment,

table-top 

sterilizers and large dental equipment. 

•

Financial service

s.

We offer our customers solutions in operating their practices more efficiently by 

providing access to a number of financial services and products

provided by third party suppliers (including 

non-recourse financing for equipment, technology and software

products, non-recourse practice financing 

for leasehold improvements, business debt consolidation and commercial

real estate, non-recourse patient 

financing and credit card processing) at rates that we believe are generally

lower than what our customers 

would be able to secure independently.

We also provide staffing services, dental practice valuation and 

brokerage services. 

Global Specialty Products 

•

Dental implants and digital solutions.

We develop, manufacture, market and distribute a broad portfolio of 

dental implants, prosthetic components, instruments and digital workflow

solutions for implant-based tooth 

restorations.

With research and development and manufacturing facilities in the United States, 

Switzerland, Germany, Brazil and France, we serve customers with various global and regional implant 

brands across a wide range of price segments.

Supported by our specialized sales force, we market our 

products and solutions in approximately 90 countries, directly to dental practices

and surgical specialists 

via our sales subsidiaries and our network of international third-party and

Henry Schein distribution 

partners. 

•

Biomaterials.

We market and distribute a broad portfolio of biomaterials for dental tissue 

regeneration.

The product portfolio primarily consists of a broad range of

privately branded allograft, 

xenograft, and synthetic biomaterials.

Our dedicated biomaterial specialists support our direct implant 

sales force and Henry Schein oral surgery-focused distribution channels.

•

Orthodontics.

We develop, manufacture, and distribute a comprehensive range of orthodontic products, 

including brackets, braces, aligners, and accessories.

In collaboration with leading clinicians, our research 

and development teams drive innovation to enhance patient care.

With manufacturing facilities in the 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

8 

Unted States, Mexico, and France, we serve dental practices in over

70 countries through our specialized 

sales force, international partners, and the Henry Schein distribution

network. 

•

Endodontics

.

We develop, manufacture, market and distribute a complete portfolio of endodontic products 

across multiple brands catering to both endodontic specialists and general

practitioners.

This includes 

stainless steel and NiTi shaping files, irrigation solutions, endodontic power equipment, sealers,

and root 

repair materials.

Leveraging our research and development and manufacturing facilities

in the United 

States, Switzerland, and Brazil we focus on delivering meaningful

innovation to help advance endodontic 

care, provide advanced training and education through a network of training

centers and digital services, 

and serve our customers through multiple brands and multiple channels

addressing all segments of the 

market.

By investing in dedicated endo-specific competencies and resources

to support our different sales 

channels, we are successfully marketing our products and brands

in over 90 countries. 

•

Orthopedics

.

We develop, manufacture and distribute innovative implants and instruments that are 

designed to treat injuries, diseases and disorders of the limbs, joints

and related tissues in the upper and 

lower extremities.

We also provide surgical accessories, including blades, burs, drills, a variety of pins and 

wires to support orthopedic surgical procedures, and a portfolio of specialized instruments

designed to 

simplify implant removal and preserve patient bone-stock during

revision arthroplasty procedures.

We 

employ an extensive global network of independent sales agencies

and direct sales specialists, and we 

partner closely with IDNs and GPOs.

The majority of our revenue is generated in the United States market, 

with the remaining revenue coming from Canada and countries in Latin America,

Europe and Asia Pacific 

region. 

•

Other.

We also source or manufacture other medical and dental health care products and services that are 

sold to customers, including handpiece and small equipment, rotary, hand instruments, and repair services, 

restoratives and preventives, as well as certain other health care-related

consumable merchandise products 

and services.

Global Technology 

•

We sell practice management, business analytics, patient engagement and patient demand creation software 

solutions to our dental customers.

Our practice management solutions provide practitioners with electronic 

medical records, patient treatment history, analytics, billing, accounts receivable analyses and management, 

appointment calendars, electronic claims processing and word processing

programs, network and hardware 

services, e-commerce and electronic marketing services, e-Prescribe medications

and prescription 

solutions, sourcing third party patient payment plans, and transition services

and training and education 

programs for practitioners.

We have technical representatives supporting customers using our practice 

management solutions and services.

As of December 28, 2024, we had an active user base of approximately 100,000

practices and 321,000 

consumers, including users of AxiUm®, Dentally®, Dentrix Ascend®,

DentalVision®, Dentrix® Dental 

Systems, EXACT®, Gesden®, Jarvis Analytics®, Julie® Software, Oasis,

Officite™, OrisLine®, PBS 

Endo®, Power Practice® Px and subscriptions for Demandforce®,

Sesame, and Lighthouse 360® for 

dental practices and DentalPlans.com® for dental patients. 

Commitment to superior customer service

.

We maintain a strong commitment to providing superior customer 

service.

We frequently monitor our customer service through customer surveys, focus groups and statistical 

reports.

Our customer service policy primarily focuses on: 

•

Exceptional order fulfillment.

We ship an average of approximately 142,000 cartons daily. 

•

Comprehensive ordering process.

Customers may place orders 24 hours a day, 7 days a week via e-

commerce solutions, telephone, fax, e-mail and mail. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

9 

Integrated management information systems

.

Certain of our information systems generally allow for centralized 

management of key functions, including accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable, payroll, purchasing, 

sales, order fulfillment and financial and operational reporting.

These systems allow us to manage our growth, 

deliver superior customer service, properly target customers, manage financial

performance and monitor daily 

operational statistics. 

Products and Services 

The following table sets forth the percentage of consolidated net sales

by principal categories of products and 

services offered through our Global Distribution and Value-Added Services,

Global Specialty Products, and Global 

Technology reportable segments: 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services: 

Dental merchandise 

(1)

37.3 

% 

38.8 

% 

37.7 

% 

Dental equipment 

(2)

13.6 

13.5 

13.5 

Value

-added services 

(3)

1.8 

1.6 

1.2 

Total

Dental 

52.7 

53.9 

52.4 

Medical 

(4)

32.2 

31.7 

34.4 

Total

Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services: 

84.9 

85.6 

86.8 

Global Specialty Products 

(5)

11.4 

10.8 

10.1 

Global Technology 

(6)

5.0 

4.9 

4.3 

Eliminations 

(1.3) 

(1.3) 

(1.2) 

Total 

100.0 

% 

100.0 

% 

100.0 

% 

(1)

Includes infection-control products, handpieces, preventatives, impression materials, composites, anesthetics, teeth, dental 

implants, gypsum, acrylics, articulators, abrasives, PPE products,

and our own corporate brand of consumable merchandise. 

(2)

Includes dental chairs, delivery units and lights, digital dental laboratories, X-ray supplies and equipment, equipment repair and 

high-tech and digital restoration equipment. 

(3)

Consists of financial services on a non-recourse basis, continuing education services for practitioners, consulting and other services. 

(4)

Includes branded and generic pharmaceuticals, vaccines, surgical products, diagnostic tests, infection-control products, X-ray 

products, equipment, PPE products and vitamins. 

(5)

Includes manufacturing, marketing and sales of dental implant and biomaterial products; and endodontic, orthodontic and 

orthopedic products and other health care-related products and services. 

(6)

Consists of practice management software, e-services, and other products, which are distributed to health care providers. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

10 

Business Strategy 

Our mission is to provide innovative, integrated health care products and

services; and to be trusted advisors and 

consultants to our customers - enabling them to deliver the best quality patient

care and enhance their practice 

management efficiency and profitability.

Our BOLD+1 Strategic Plan consists of the following: 

•

Build (“B”)

Complementary software, specialty, and services businesses for high growth 

•

Operationalize (“O”)

One Distribution to deliver exceptional customer experience, increased

efficiency, 

and growth 

•

Leverage (“L”)

One Schein to broaden and deepen relationships with our customers 

•

Drive (“D”)

Digital transformation for our customers and for Henry Schein 

•

+1

Create Value

for our stakeholders 

To accomplish this, we apply our competitive strengths in executing the following strategies: 

•

Increase penetration of our existing customer base.

We have over one million customers worldwide and 

we intend to increase sales to our existing customer base and enhance

or secure our position as their 

primary supplier.

We believe our offering of a broad range of products, services and support, including 

software solutions that can help drive improved workflow efficiency and patient communications

for 

practices, coupled with our full-service value proposition, helps us to retain

and grow our customer base. 

•

Increase the number of customers we serve.

This strategy includes increasing the productivity of our field 

sales consultants and telesales team, as well as using our customer

database to focus our marketing efforts 

in all of our operating segments.

In the dental business, we provide products and services to

independent 

practices, mid-market groups, and large DSOs as well as community health centers

and government sites of 

care.

Leveraging our broad array of assets and capabilities, we offer solutions to address these

new 

markets.

In the medical business, we have expanded to serve customers

located in settings outside of the 

traditional office, such as urgent care clinics, retail, occupational health and home health settings.

As 

health care settings shift, we remain committed to serving these practitioners

and providing them with the 

products and services they need. 

•

Leverage our value-added products and services.

We continue to increase cross-selling efforts for key 

product lines utilizing a consultative selling process.

We have significant cross-selling opportunities 

between our dental software users and our dental customers, and opportunities

to expand our vaccine, 

injectables and other pharmaceuticals sales to health care practitioners, as

well as cross-selling EHR 

systems and software when we sell our core products.

Our strategy extends to providing health systems, 

integrated delivery networks and other large group and multi-site health care organizations,

including 

physician clinics, these same value-added products and services.

As physicians and health systems closely 

align, we have increased access to opportunities for cross-marketing

and selling our product and service 

portfolios.

•

Pursue strategic acquisitions and joint ventures.

Our acquisition strategy is focused on investments in 

companies that add new customers and sales teams, increase our geographic

footprint (whether entering a 

new country, such as emerging markets, or building scale where we have already invested in businesses), 

and finally, those that enable us to access new products and technologies. 

Markets Served

Demographic trends indicate that our markets are growing, as an

aging U.S. population is increasingly using health 

care services.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau’s International Database, between 2024 and 2034, the 

population of people aged 45 and older is expected to grow by approximately

10%.

Between 2024 and 2044, this 

age group is expected to grow by approximately 18%.

This compares with expected total U.S. population growth 

rates of approximately 4% between 2024 and 2034 and approximately 6%

between 2024 and 2044.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

11 

In the dental industry, there is predicted to be a rise in oral health care expenditures as the 45-and-older segment of 

the population increases.

There is increasing demand for new technologies that allow

dentists to increase 

productivity, and this is being driven in the U.S. by lower insurance reimbursement rates.

At the same time, there is 

an expected increase in dental insurance coverage. 

In the medical market, there continues to be a migration of procedures from

acute-care settings to physicians’ 

offices and home health settings, a trend that we believe provides additional opportunities

for us.

There also is the 

continuing use of vaccines, injectables and other pharmaceuticals in alternate-care

settings.

We believe we have 

established a leading position as a vaccine supplier to the office-based physician

practitioner. 

We support our dental and medical professionals through the many SKUs that we offer, as well as through 

important value-added services, including practice management software,

electronic claims processing, financial 

services and continuing education, all designed to help maximize a practitioner’s

efficiency.

Additionally, we seek to expand our dental full-service model and medical offerings in countries where 

opportunities exist.

We do this through both direct sales and by partnering with local distribution and 

manufacturing companies. 

For information on revenues and long-lived assets by geographic area, see 

Note 4 – Segment and Geographic Data

of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.”

Seasonality and Other Factors Affecting Our Business and Quarterly Results 

We experience fluctuations in quarterly earnings.

As a result, we may fail to meet or exceed the expectations of 

securities analysts and investors, which could cause our stock price

to decline. 

Our business is subject to seasonal and other quarterly fluctuations.

Sales and profitability generally have been 

higher in the third and fourth quarters due to the timing of sales of seasonal

products (including influenza vaccine), 

purchasing patterns of office-based health care practitioners for certain products (including

equipment and 

software) and year-end promotions.

Sales and profitability may also be impacted by the timing of

certain annual 

and biennial dental tradeshows where equipment promotions are offered.

In addition, some dental practices delay 

equipment purchases in the U.S. until year-end due to tax incentives.

We expect our historical seasonality of sales 

to continue in the foreseeable future. 

Governmental Regulations 

We 

strive to be compliant in all material respects with the applicable

laws, regulations and guidance described 

below, and believe we have effective compliance programs and other controls in place to ensure substantial 

compliance.

However, compliance is not guaranteed either now or in the future, as certain laws, regulations and 

guidance may be subject to varying and evolving interpretations that could

affect our ability to comply, as well as 

future changes, additions and enforcement approaches, including political changes.

When we discover situations of 

non-compliance we seek to remedy them and bring the affected area back into compliance.

Changes to applicable laws, regulations and guidance described below, as well as related administrative or judicial 

interpretations, may require us to update or revise our operations, services,

marketing practices and compliance 

programs and controls, and may impose additional and unforeseen costs

on us, pose new or previously immaterial 

risks to us, or may otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Government 

Certain of our businesses involve the distribution, manufacturing, importation,

exportation, marketing, sale and 

promotion of pharmaceuticals and/or medical devices, and in this regard, we

are subject to extensive local, state, 

federal and foreign governmental laws and regulations, including as applicable

to our wholesale distribution of 

pharmaceuticals and medical devices, manufacturing activities, and as part of

our specialty home medical supplies 

businesses that distribute and sell medical equipment and supplies directly

to patients.

Federal, state and certain 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

12 

foreign governments have also increased enforcement activity in the health care

sector, particularly in areas of fraud 

and abuse, anti-bribery and anti-corruption, controlled substances handling,

medical device regulations and data 

privacy and security standards. 

Certain of our businesses involve pharmaceuticals and/or medical devices,

including orthopaedic, in vitro 

diagnostic devices, software regulated as a medical device, and sales of

medical equipment and supplies directly to 

patients, that are paid for by third parties and/or patients and must operate in

compliance with a variety of 

burdensome and complex coding, billing and record-keeping requirements in

order to substantiate claims for 

payment under federal, state and commercial health care reimbursement programs. 

Government and private insurance programs fund a large portion of the total cost of medical care,

and there have 

been efforts to limit such private and government insurance programs, including efforts, thus far

unsuccessful, to 

seek repeal of the entire United States Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act,

as amended by the Health Care 

and Education Reconciliation Act, each enacted in March 2010 (as amended,

the “ACA”). 

Certain of our businesses are subject to various additional federal, state,

local and foreign laws and regulations, 

including with respect to the sale, transportation, importation, storage, handling

and disposal of hazardous or 

potentially hazardous substances; “forever chemicals” such as per-and

polyfluoroalkyl substances; amalgam bans; 

pricing disclosures; supply chain transparency around labor practices; and safe working

conditions.

In addition, 

activities to control medical costs, including laws and regulations lowering

reimbursement rates for 

pharmaceuticals, medical devices, medical supplies and/or medical treatments

or services, are ongoing.

For 

example, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services’ (“CMS”) 2024 durable

medical equipment, prosthetics, 

orthotics and supplies (“DMEPOS”) reimbursement schedule, which was

effective January 1, 2024, reduced the 

DMEPOS reimbursement rates for non-rural suppliers, such as us, by removing

the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and 

Economic Security (“CARES”) Act relief rates in effect during the COVID-19 pandemic.

These and other laws 

and regulations are subject to change and their evolving implementation

may impact our operations and our 

financial performance. 

Certain of our businesses also maintain contracts with governmental agencies

and are subject to certain regulatory 

requirements specific to government contractors. 

Our businesses are generally subject to numerous laws and regulations that could

impact our financial performance, 

and failure to comply with such laws or regulations could have a material adverse

effect on our business. 

Operating, Security and Licensure Standards

Certain of our businesses are subject to local, state and federal governmental

laws and regulations relating to the 

manufacturing and/or distribution of pharmaceuticals and medical devices

and supplies.

Among the United States 

federal laws applicable to us are the Controlled Substances Act, the Federal Food,

Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as 

amended (“FDC Act”), Section 361 of the Public Health Service Act and Section

401 of the Consolidated 

Appropriations Act of the Social Security Act, as well as laws regulating

the billing of and reimbursement from 

government programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and from commercial payers.

We 

are also subject to 

comparable foreign regulations. 

The FDC Act, the Controlled Substances Act, their implementing regulations,

and similar foreign laws generally 

regulate the introduction, manufacture, advertising, marketing and promotion,

sampling, pricing and 

reimbursement, labeling, packaging, storage, handling, returning or recalling,

reporting, and distribution of, and 

record keeping for, pharmaceuticals and medical devices shipped in interstate commerce or internationally, and 

states may similarly regulate such activities within the state.

Furthermore, Section 361 of the Public Health Service 

Act, which provides authority to prevent the introduction, transmission

or spread of communicable diseases, serves 

as the legal basis for the United States Food and Drug Administration’s (“FDA”) regulation of human

cells, tissues 

and cellular and tissue-based products, also known as “HCT/P products.” 

The Federal Drug Quality and Security Act of 2013 regulates pharmaceutical

supply chain requirements and pre-

empts certain state laws.

Title II of this measure, known as the Drug Supply Chain Security Act (“DSCSA”), 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

13 

establishes a national electronic, interoperable system to identify and trace

certain prescription drugs as they are 

distributed in the United States that went into effect on November 27, 2023.

The law’s track and trace requirements 

applicable to manufacturers, wholesalers, third-party logistics providers (e.g.,

trading partners), repackagers and 

dispensers (e.g., pharmacies) of prescription drugs took effect in January 2015,

and, as stated, continues to be 

implemented.

The DSCSA product tracing requirements replace the former FDA

drug pedigree requirements and 

pre-empt certain state requirements that are inconsistent with, more stringent

than, or in addition to, the DSCSA 

requirements. 

Those DSCSA requirements that were scheduled to change on November

27, 2023, and include requiring trading 

partners to provide, receive and maintain documentation about products and

ownership only “electronically” (and 

not via paper), were subject to a one-year “stabilization period” announced by

the FDA through two guidance 

documents in late August 2023.

The FDA permitted the stabilization period to accommodate an additional

year, 

until November 27, 2024, to allow trading partners to implement, troubleshoot

and mature their electronic (versus 

paper), interoperable systems, during which time the FDA did not intend to

take action to enforce the requirements 

for the interoperable, electronic, package level product tracing.

Additionally, the FDA announced that it did not 

intend to take action to enforce the portion of the FDC Act with respect

to drug product that was introduced in a 

transaction into commerce by the product’s manufacturer or repackager before November 27, 2024, and for 

subsequent transactions of such product through the product’s expiry.

The FDA stated this stabilization period was 

intended to avoid disruption to the supply chain and ensure continued patient

access to drug products as trading 

partners move towards full implementation of the DSCSA’s

enhanced drug security requirements.

The FDA again 

extended the stabilization period in late 2024 as follows: (1) manufacturers and

repackagers: May 27, 2025; (2) 

wholesale distributors: August 27, 2025; (3) dispensers with 26 or more pharmacists

and technicians: November 27, 

2025; and (4) small dispensers: November 27, 2026.

The FDA stated that these continued exemptions apply to any 

product transacted by eligible trading partners who have initiated their “systems

and processes, as described in 

section 582(g)(1) of the FD&C Act,” including electronic DSCSA data connections

with immediate trading 

partners by November 27, 2024.

The additional time extends to trading partners throughout the pharmaceutical 

distribution supply chain who subsequently engage in a transaction including such

product.

The FDA also stated 

that, for the purposes of these exemptions, eligible trading partners are those

who have initiated their systems and 

processes by successfully completing data connections with their

immediate trading partners, and those trading 

partners who initiated processes including documentation of efforts to establish data

connections, but were not able 

to fully complete these processes.

The DSCSA also establishes certain requirements for the licensing and operation

of prescription drug wholesalers 

and third-party logistics providers (“3PLs”) and includes the eventual

creation of national wholesaler and 3PL 

licenses in cases where states do not license such entities.

The DSCSA requires that wholesalers and 3PLs 

distribute drugs in accordance with certain standards regarding the recordkeeping,

storage and handling of 

prescription drugs.

The DSCSA requires wholesalers and 3PLs to submit annual reports

to the FDA, which include 

information regarding each state where the wholesaler or 3PL is licensed, the name

and address of each facility, and 

contact information.

According to FDA guidance, states are pre-empted from imposing

any licensing requirements 

that are inconsistent with, less stringent than, directly related to, or covered

by the standards established by federal 

law in this area.

Current state licensing requirements concerning wholesalers will

remain in effect until the FDA 

issues new regulations as directed by the DSCSA.

The FDA issued a proposed rule establishing wholesaler and 

3PL national standards for licensing and other requirements in February 2022,

but that rule has not yet been 

finalized.

In addition, with respect to our specialty home medical supplies business,

we are subject to certain state 

licensure laws (including state pharmacy laws), and also certain accreditation standards,

including to qualify for 

reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid, and other third-party payers. 

The Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act of 2007 and

the Food and Drug Administration Safety and 

Innovation Act of 2012 amended the FDC Act to require the FDA to promulgate

regulations to implement a unique 

device identification (“UDI”) system for medical devices.

The UDI rule phased in the implementation of the UDI 

regulations, generally beginning with the highest-risk devices (i.e., Class

III medical devices) and ending with the 

lowest-risk devices.

The UDI regulations require “labelers” to include unique device identifiers

(“UDIs”), with a 

content and format prescribed by the FDA and issued under a system operated

by an FDA-accredited issuing 

agency, on the labels and packages of medical devices (including, but not limited to, certain software that qualifies 

as a medical device under FDA rules), and to directly mark certain devices

with UDIs.

The UDI regulations also 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

14 

require labelers to submit certain information concerning UDI-labeled devices

to the FDA, much of which 

information is publicly available on an FDA database, the Global Unique Device

Identification Database (GUDID).

The UDI regulations and subsequent FDA guidance regarding the UDI

requirements provide for certain exceptions, 

alternatives and time extensions.

For example, the UDI regulations include a general exception

for Class I devices 

exempt from the Quality System Regulation (other than record-keeping

requirements and complaint files).

Regulated labelers include entities such as device manufacturers, repackagers,

reprocessors and relabelers that 

cause a device’s label to be applied or modified, with the intent that the device will be commercially distributed 

without any subsequent replacement or modification of the label and include certain

of our businesses.

The FDA 

also released a final rule in February 2024 to amend, effective February 2026, certain device current

good 

manufacturing practice requirements in 21 CFR Part 820 (Quality System Regulation)

to align more closely with 

the international consensus standard (ISO 13485) specific for device quality

management systems requirements 

(QMSR) used by other countries.

As a distributor of controlled substances, we are required, under

the Controlled Substances Act, to obtain and renew 

annually registrations for our facilities from the United States Drug Enforcement

Administration (“DEA”) 

permitting us to handle controlled substances.

We 

are also subject to other statutory and regulatory requirements 

relating to the storage, sale, marketing, handling, reporting, record-keeping

and distribution of such drugs, in 

accordance with the Controlled Substances Act and its implementing regulations,

and these requirements have been 

subject to heightened enforcement activity in recent times.

We 

are subject to inspection by the DEA.

Certain of 

our businesses are also required to register for permits and/or licenses

with, and comply with operating and security 

standards of, the DEA, the FDA, the United States Department of Health

and Human Services (“HHS”), and 

various state boards of pharmacy, state health departments and/or comparable state agencies as well as comparable 

foreign agencies, and certain accrediting bodies, depending on the type of

operations and location of product 

distribution, manufacturing or sale.

These businesses include those that distribute, manufacture, relabel, and/or 

repackage prescription pharmaceuticals and/or medical devices and/or HCT/P

products, or own pharmacy 

operations, or install, maintain or repair equipment.

In addition, Section 301 of the National Organ Transplant Act, and a number of comparable state laws, impose civil 

and/or criminal penalties for the transfer of human organs, as defined in the regulations,

for valuable consideration, 

while generally permitting payments for the reasonable costs incurred

in their procurement, processing, storage and 

distribution.

We 

are also subject to foreign government regulation of such products.

The DEA, the FDA and state 

regulatory authorities have broad inspection and enforcement powers, including

the ability to suspend or limit the 

distribution of products by our distribution centers, seize or order the

recall of products and impose significant 

criminal, civil and administrative sanctions for violations of these laws and regulations.

Foreign regulations subject 

us to similar foreign enforcement powers. 

EU Regulation of Medicinal and Dental Products

European Union (“EU”) member states regulate their own health care systems,

as does EU law.

The latter regulates 

certain matters, most notably medicinal products and medical devices.

Medicinal products are defined, broadly, as 

substances or combinations of substances having certain functionalities and

may not include medical devices.

EU 

“regulations” apply in all member states, whereas “directives” are implemented

by the individual laws of member 

states.

On medicines for humans, we are regulated under Directive No. 2001/83/EC

of 6 November 2001, as amended by 

Directive 2003/63/EC of 25 June 2003, and EU Regulation (EC) No. 726/2004

of 31 March 2004.

These rules 

provide for the authorization of products, and regulate their manufacture,

importation, marketing and distribution.

It implements requirements which may be implemented without warning, as

well as a national pharmacovigilance 

system under which marketing authorizations may be withdrawn, and includes

potential sanctions for breaches of 

the rules, and on other bases such as harmfulness or lack of efficacy.

EU Regulation No. 1223/2009 of 30 November 2009 

on cosmetic products

requires that cosmetic products (which 

includes dental products) be safe for human health when used under normal

or reasonably foreseeable conditions of 

use and comply with certain obligations which apply to manufacturers,

importers and distributors.

It includes 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

15 

market surveillance, and non-compliance may result in the recall or withdrawal

of products, along with other 

sanctions.

In the EU, the EU Medical Device Regulation No. 2017/745 of 5 April 2017

(“EU MDR”) covers a wide scope of 

our activities, from dental material and medical devices to X-ray machines,

and certain software.

It was meant to 

become applicable three years after publication (i.e., May 26, 2020).

However, on April 23, 2020, to allow 

European Economic Area (“EEA”) national authorities, notified bodies,

manufacturers and other actors to focus 

fully on urgent priorities related to the COVID-19 pandemic, the European Council

and Parliament adopted 

Regulation 2020/561, postponing the date of application of the EU MDR by

one year (to May 26, 2021). 

The EU MDR significantly modifies and intensifies the regulatory compliance

requirements for the medical device 

industry as a whole.

Among other things, the EU MDR: 

•

strengthens the rules on placing devices on the market and reinforces surveillance

once they are available; 

•

establishes explicit provisions on manufacturers’ responsibilities

for the follow-up of the quality, 

performance and safety of devices placed on the market; 

•

improves the traceability of medical devices throughout the supply chain to the

end-user or patient through 

a unique identification number; 

•

sets up a central database to provide patients, health care professionals and

the public with comprehensive 

information on products available in the EU;

•

strengthens rules for the assessment of certain high-risk devices, such

as implants, which may have to 

undergo an additional check by experts before they are placed on the market; and 

•

identifies importers and distributors and medical device products through

registration in the EUDAMED 

database,

which comprises several modules that are not yet fully functional.

In order not to hinder the 

mandatory use of EUDAMED by the functional delay of a single module,

the new Regulation No. 

2024/1860 of 13 June 2024 has therefore amended Article 34 of the EU

MDR to organize a gradual 

commissioning of the various modules of EUDAMED, once they have been

independently audited and 

declared operational by means of a Commission notice published

in the Official Journal of the European 

Union. In this case, the obligations and requirements relating to the concerned

electronic modules of 

EUDAMED will apply six months after the date of publication of

the notice.

These changes came into 

force on July 9, 2024; and 

•

as amended by the above-mentioned Regulation No. 2024/1860,

contains specific provisions in the event of 

interruption or discontinuation of supply of a device.

In particular, the EU MDR imposes strict requirements for the confirmation that a product meets

the regulatory 

requirements, including regarding a product’s clinical evaluation and a company’s quality systems, and for the 

distribution, marketing and sale of medical devices, including post-market

surveillance.

Regulation 2023/607 of the European Parliament and of the Council of

March 15, 2023 

amending Regulations (EU) 

2017/745 and (EU) 2017/746 as regards the transitional provisions for certain medical devices and in vitro 

diagnostic medical devices

has, notably, extended the EU MDR transitional periods applicable to certain medical 

devices that have been assessed and/or certified under the Directive No.

93/42/EEC of 1993 

concerning medical 

devices 

(“EU Medical Device Directive”).

Subject to certain conditions, medical devices that (i) obtained a 

certificate under the EU Medical Device Directive from May 25, 2017,

(ii) which was still valid on May 26, 2021, 

and (iii) has not been subsequently withdrawn may, for the moment, continue to be placed on the market or put into 

service until December 31, 2027 for higher risk devices or December 31, 2028

for medium and lower risk devices. 

Nevertheless, EU MDR requirements regarding the distribution, marketing

and sale including quality systems and 

post-market surveillance have to be observed by manufacturers, importers and

distributors as of the application date 

(i.e., since May 26, 2021). 

Other EU regulations that may apply under appropriate circumstances

include EU Regulation No. 1907/2006 of 18 

December 2006 

concerning the Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and

Restriction of Chemicals

, which 

requires importers to register substances or mixtures that they import

in the EU beyond certain quantities, and the 

EU Regulation No. 1272/2008 of 16 December 2008 

on classification, labelling and packaging of substances and 

mixtures 

(recently amended by Regulation No. 2024/2865 of October 23,

2024, whose provisions come into force 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

16 

on different dates), which sets various obligations with respect to the labelling and

packaging of concerned 

substances and mixtures. 

Furthermore, compliance with legal requirements has required and may in the future

require us to delay product 

release, sale or distribution, or institute voluntary recalls of, or other corrective

action with respect to products we 

sell, each of which could result in regulatory and enforcement actions, financial

losses and potential reputational 

harm.

Our customers are also subject to significant federal, state, local

and foreign governmental regulations, 

which may affect our interactions with customers, including the design and functionality

of our products. 

Antitrust and Consumer Protection 

The federal government of the United States, most U.S. states and many

foreign countries have antitrust laws that 

prohibit certain types of conduct deemed to be anti-competitive, as well as consumer

protection laws that seek to 

protect consumers from improper business practices.

At the U.S. federal level, the Federal Trade Commission 

oversees enforcement of these types of laws, and states have similar government

agencies.

Violations of antitrust 

or consumer protection laws may result in various sanctions, including criminal

and civil penalties.

Private 

plaintiffs may also bring civil lawsuits against us in the United States for alleged antitrust

law violations, including 

claims for treble damages.

EU law also regulates competition and provides for detailed rules protecting

consumers.

Health Care Fraud 

Certain of our businesses are subject to federal and state (and similar

foreign) health care fraud and abuse, referral 

and reimbursement laws and regulations with respect to their operations.

Some of these laws, referred to as “false 

claims laws,” prohibit the submission or causing the submission of false or fraudulent

claims for reimbursement to 

federal, state and other health care payers and programs.

Other laws, referred to as “anti-kickback laws,” prohibit 

soliciting, offering, receiving or paying remuneration in order to induce the referral

of a patient or ordering, 

purchasing, leasing or arranging for, or recommending, ordering, purchasing or leasing of, items or services

that are 

paid for by federal, state and other health care payers and programs.

Certain additional state and federal laws, such 

as the federal Physician Self-Referral Law, commonly known as the “Stark Law,” prohibit physicians and other 

health care professionals from referring a patient to an entity with which

the physician (or family member) has a 

financial relationship, for the furnishing of certain designated health services

(for example, durable medical 

equipment and medical supplies), unless an exception applies.

Violations of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or 

the Stark Law may be enforced as violations of the federal False Claims

Act. 

The fraud and abuse laws and regulations have been subject to heightened

enforcement activity over the past few 

years, and significant enforcement activity has been the result of “relators” who

serve as whistleblowers by filing 

complaints in the name of the United States (and if applicable, particular states)

under applicable false claims laws, 

and who may receive up to 30% of total government recoveries.

Penalties under fraud and abuse laws may be 

severe, including treble damages and substantial civil penalties under

the federal False Claims Act, as well as 

potential loss of licenses and the ability to participate in federal and state

health care programs, criminal penalties, 

or imposition of a corporate integrity agreement or corporate compliance

monitoring which could have a material 

adverse effect on our business.

Also, these measures may be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial,

regulatory or 

judicial authority in a manner that could require us to make changes

in our operations or incur substantial defense 

and settlement expenses.

Even unsuccessful challenges by regulatory authorities or private

relators could result in 

reputational harm and the incurring of substantial costs.

Most states have adopted similar state false claims laws, 

and these state laws have their own penalties, which may be in addition

to federal False Claims Act penalties, as 

well as other fraud and abuse laws.

With respect to measures of this type, the United States government (among others) has expressed concerns

about 

financial relationships between suppliers, manufacturers and distributors on

the one hand and physicians, dentists 

and other health care professionals on the other.

As a result, we regularly review and revise our marketing practices 

as necessary to facilitate compliance. 

We 

also are subject to certain United States and foreign laws and regulations

concerning the conduct of our foreign 

operations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery

Act, German anti-corruption laws 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

17 

and other anti-bribery laws and laws pertaining to the accuracy of our internal

books and records, which have been 

the focus of increasing enforcement activity globally in recent years. 

While we believe that we are substantially compliant with applicable fraud and

abuse laws and regulations, and 

have adequate compliance programs and controls in place to ensure substantial

compliance, we cannot predict 

whether changes in applicable law, or interpretation of laws, or changes in our services or marketing practices in 

response to changes in applicable law or interpretation of laws, or failure

to comply with applicable law, could have 

a material adverse effect on our business. 

Affordable Care Act (ACA) and Other Insurance Reform 

The ACA increased federal oversight of private health insurance plans and

included a number of provisions 

designed to reduce Medicare expenditures and the cost of health care generally, to reduce fraud and abuse, and to 

provide access to increased health coverage.

The ACA also materially expanded the number of individuals

in the 

United States with health insurance.

The ACA remains subject to ongoing legal and political challenges

that 

contribute to create uncertainty, and any outcomes of those challenges could have a significant impact on the

U.S. 

health care industry.

The federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act or Open Payments Program

(the “Sunshine Act”) imposes annual 

reporting and disclosure requirements for drug and device manufacturers and

distributors with regard to payments 

or other transfers of value made to certain covered recipients (including physicians,

dentists, teaching hospitals, 

physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified

registered nurse anesthetists, and 

certified nurse midwives), and for such manufacturers and distributors

and for group purchasing organizations, with 

regard to certain ownership interests held by covered recipients in

the reporting entity.

CMS publishes information 

from these reports on a publicly available website, including amounts transferred

and physician, dentist, teaching 

hospital, and non-physician practitioner identities.

The Sunshine Act pre-empts similar state reporting laws, 

although we or our subsidiaries may be required to report under certain

state transparency laws that address 

circumstances not covered by the Sunshine Act, and some of these state laws,

as well as the federal law, can be 

unclear.

We 

are also subject to foreign regulations requiring transparency of certain

interactions between suppliers 

and their customers.

In the United States, federal and state government actions to seek to increase

health-related price transparency may 

also affect our business.

For example, CMS requires hospitals to publish online a

list of their standard charges for 

all items and services, including discounted cash prices and payer-specific and de-identified negotiated

charges, in a 

publicly accessible online file, and payers to disclose in-network negotiated

rates, including with device suppliers 

and manufacturers, and historical out-of-network allowed amounts for all

covered items and services, including 

prescription drugs. Hospitals are also required to publish a consumer-friendly

list of standard charges for certain 

“shoppable” services (i.e., services that can be scheduled by a patient in

advance) and associated ancillary services 

or, alternatively, maintain an online price estimator tool.

These requirements went into effect in three stages from 

2022 to 2024.

CMS may impose civil monetary penalties for noncompliance with

these price transparency 

requirements.

In addition to a variety of transparency measures being enacted

at the state level, the federal No 

Surprises Act (“NSA”) imposes additional price transparency requirements.

The NSA is intended to reduce the 

number of “out-of-network” patients.

This will result in fewer out-of-network payments to physicians and

other 

providers, which may cause financial stress to those providers who

are dependent on higher out-of-network fees.

The Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (“MACRA”),

enacted on April 16, 2015, established 

the Quality Payment Program, which modifies certain Medicare Part B payments

to “eligible clinicians,” including 

physicians, dentists and other practitioners.

Under MACRA, certain eligible clinicians are required to participate

in 

Medicare through the Merit-Based Incentive Payment System (“MIPS”) or Advanced

Alternative Payment Models, 

through which Medicare Part B is adjusted up or down based on reported

data related to quality, promoting 

interoperability, cost and improvement activities.

MIPS eligible clinicians must report performance year data by 

March 31 of the following calendar year.

Payment adjustments, based on submitted data, are applied to Medicare 

Part B claims during the performance year following data submission.

MACRA provides substantial financial 

incentives for physicians to participate in risk contracts, and to increase physician

information technology and 

reporting obligations.

MACRA continues to evolve and its implications depend on future regulatory

activity and 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

18 

physician activity in the marketplace.

New state-level payment and delivery system reform programs,

including 

those modeled after such federal programs, are also increasingly being rolled

out through Medicaid administrators, 

as well as through the private sector, which may further alter the marketplace and impact our business.

Recently, in addition to other government efforts to control health care costs, there has been increased scrutiny on 

drug pricing and concurrent efforts to control or reduce drug costs by Congress, the

President, executive branch 

agencies and various states.

At the state level, several states have adopted laws that require drug manufacturers 

(including relabelers and repackagers) to provide advance notice of certain

price increases and to report information 

relating to those price increases, while others have taken legislative or administrative

action to establish 

prescription drug affordability boards or multi-payer purchasing pools to reduce the cost of

prescription drugs.

At 

the federal level, section 1927 of the Social Security Act sets forth Average Sales Price (ASP) reporting 

requirements for manufacturers (including repackagers and relabelers) and

requires that manufacturers provide 

CMS with pricing information for their Part B-covered drugs no later than

30 days after the close of the previous 

quarter.

Also at the federal level, several related bills have been introduced and regulations

proposed which, if 

enacted or finalized, respectively, would impact drug pricing and related costs.

Also, at the federal level, the 

Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, among other things, requires drug manufacturers

that raise certain of their drug 

prices faster than the rate of inflation to pay rebates to Medicare, and over time will authorize

the federal 

government to negotiate directly with drug manufacturers to lower the

prices of certain brand-name drugs covered 

by Medicare.

These various evolving efforts create uncertainty and may adversely affect our business.

As a result of political, economic and regulatory influences, the health care distribution

industry in the United 

States is under intense scrutiny and subject to fundamental changes.

We 

cannot predict what further reform 

proposals, if any, will be adopted, when they may be adopted, or what impact they may have on us. 

EU Directive on the pricing and reimbursement of medicinal products

EU law provides for the regulation of the pricing of medicinal products which are

implemented by EU member 

states (Directive No. 89/105/EC of 21 December 1988 

relating to the transparency of measures regulating the 

pricing of medicinal products for human use and their inclusion in the scope of national health insurance

systems

).

Member states may, subject notably to transparency conditions and to the statement of reasons based upon 

objective and verifiable criteria, regulate the price charged (or its increases) for authorized

medicines and their level 

of reimbursement, or they may freeze prices, place controls on the profitability

of persons responsible for placing 

medicinal products on the market, and include or exclude the medicine on

the list of products covered by national 

health insurance systems.

EU law does not expressly include provisions like those of the Sunshine Act in

the United States, but a growing 

number of EU member states (such as France in 2011 and Italy in 2022) have enacted laws to increase

the 

transparency of relationships in the health care sector.

The scope of these laws varies from one member state to 

another and may, for example, include the relations between health care industry players and physicians or their 

associations, students preparing for medical professions or their associations,

teachers, health establishments or 

publishers of prescription and dispensing assistance software. 

Regulated Software; Electronic Health Records; Privacy 

The FDA has become increasingly active in addressing the regulation of

computer software and digital health 

products intended for use in health care settings, including, for

example, most recently, with respect to artificial 

intelligence and machine learning-enabled medical devices, and the

cybersecurity of medical devices.

Certain of 

our businesses involve the development and sale of software and related

products, including to support physician 

and dental practice management, and it is possible that the FDA or foreign

government authorities could determine 

that one or more of our products is a medical device, which could subject us

or one or more of our businesses to 

substantial additional requirements with respect to these products. 

In addition, our businesses that involve physician and dental practice management

products, our specialty home 

medical supplies business, and our self-insured health plans include electronic

information technology systems that 

store and process personal health, clinical, financial and other sensitive information

of individuals.

These 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

19 

information technology systems may be vulnerable to breakdown, wrongful

intrusions, data breaches and malicious 

attack, which could require us to expend significant resources to eliminate

these problems and address related 

security concerns and could involve claims against us by private parties and/or

governmental agencies.

For 

example, we are directly or indirectly subject to numerous and evolving

federal, state, local and foreign laws and 

regulations that protect the privacy and security of personal information,

such as the federal Health Insurance 

Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended, and implementing

regulations (“HIPAA”) under which 

parts of our business are covered entities or business associates, the Controlling

the Assault of Non-Solicited 

Pornography and Marketing Act (“CAN-SPAM”), the Telephone

Consumer Protection Act of 1991 (“TCPA”), 

Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (“FTC Act”), the California Privacy Act (“CCPA”), various other 

state comprehensive and health data-specific privacy laws that have or will soon

come into effect, and several 

privacy bills have been proposed both at the federal and state level that may

result in additional legal requirements 

that impact our business.

Laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection are

continually evolving and 

subject to potentially differing interpretations, including those relating to artificial

intelligence, the proliferation of 

which may result in additional regulation.

These requirements may not be harmonized, may be interpreted and 

applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another or

may conflict with other rules or our 

practices.

In addition, cybersecurity laws such as the federal Cyber Incident

Reporting for Critical Infrastructure 

Act of 2022, proposed Federal Acquisition Regulations, and amendments

to SEC reporting requirements may 

require us to provide notifications about cybersecurity incidents in limited

timeframes and before investigations are 

complete.

Our businesses’ failure to comply with these laws and regulations could

expose us to breach of contract 

claims, substantial fines, penalties and other liabilities and expenses, costs for

remediation and harm to our 

reputation.

Also, evolving laws and regulations in this area could restrict the

ability of our customers to obtain, use 

or disseminate patient information, or could require us to incur significant

additional costs to re-design our products 

to reflect these legal requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our

operations.

Also, the European Parliament and the Council of the EU adopted the pan-European

General Data Protection 

Regulation (“GDPR”), effective from May 25, 2018, which increased privacy rights

for individuals (“Data 

Subjects”), including individuals who are our customers, suppliers and

employees.

The GDPR extended the scope 

of responsibilities for data controllers and data processors, and generally

imposes increased requirements and 

potential penalties on companies, such as us, that are either established in

the EU and process personal data of Data 

Subjects (regardless the Data Subject location), or that are not established

in the EU but that offer goods or services 

to Data Subjects in the EU or monitor their behavior in the EU. Noncompliance

can result in penalties of up to the 

greater of EUR 20 million, or 4% of global company revenues (sanction

that may be public), and Data Subjects 

may seek damages.

Member states may individually impose additional requirements

and penalties regarding 

certain limited matters (for which the GDPR left some room of flexibility),

such as employee personal data.

With 

respect to the personal data it protects, the GDPR requires, among other things,

controller accountability, consents 

from Data Subjects or another acceptable legal basis to process the personal

data, notification within 72 hours of a 

personal data breach where required, data integrity and security, and fairness and transparency regarding the 

storage, use or other processing of the personal data.

The GDPR also provides rights to Data Subjects relating 

notably to information, access, rectification, erasure of the personal data and

the right to object to the processing.

Despite the UK’s exit from the EU, the UK still also has laws equivalent to the GDPR/EU data protection laws (UK 

GDPR).

Uncertainty about compliance with the GDPR and EU data protection

laws remains, with the possibility 

that data protection authorities located in different EU Member States may interpret GDPR

differently, or 

requirements of national laws may vary between the EU Member States, or guidance

on GDPR and compliance 

practices may be often updated or otherwise revised.

Any of these events will increase the complexity and costs of 

processing personal data in the UK or European Economic Area or concerning

individuals located in the UK or 

European Economic Area. 

On August 20, 2021, China promulgated the PRC Personal Information Protection

Law (“PIPL”), which took effect 

on November 1, 2021.

The PIPL imposes specific rules for processing personal information

and it also specifies 

that the law shall also apply to personal information activities carried out

outside China but for the purpose of 

providing products or services to PRC citizens.

Any non-compliance with these laws and regulations may subject 

us to fines, orders to rectify or terminate any actions that are deemed

illegal by regulatory authorities, other 

penalties, as well as reputational damage or legal proceedings against us, which

may affect our business, financial 

condition or results of operations.

The PIPL carries maximum penalties of CNY50 million or 5% of

the annual 

revenue of entities that process personal data.

Data protection laws in other countries outside of the United States 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

20 

are also quickly evolving, with many countries having updated, or are in the

process of updating, their laws to bring 

them more in line with the model created by GDPR.

In the United States, the CCPA, which increases the privacy protections afforded California residents, became 

effective January 1, 2020.

The CCPA establishes a privacy framework for covered businesses such as ours by, 

among other things, creating an expanded definition of personal information,

establishing new data privacy rights 

for California residents and creating a new and potentially severe statutory damages

framework for violations of the 

CCPA, as well as potentially severe statutory damages and private a right of action against businesses that suffer a 

data security breach due to their violation of a duty to implement reasonable

security procedures and practices. This 

private right of action may increase the likelihood of, and risks associated

with, data breach litigation.

In addition, 

in November 2020, California voters adopted the CPRA, which became effective

January 1, 2023 and enhances and 

strengthens regulatory requirements and individual protections that currently

exist under the CCPA. Other states 

have enacted or are considering enacting similar privacy laws, which may subject

us to additional requirements and 

restrictions that could have an impact on our business.

Comprehensive privacy laws in Colorado, Connecticut, 

Virginia, Utah, Oregon, Delaware, Montana, Texas,

Iowa, Maryland, New Jersey, New Hampshire, and Nebraska 

are now in effect, and similarly enacted broad state laws relating to privacy, data protection, and information 

security will come into effect later in 2025 and 2026, further complicating our privacy

compliance obligations 

through the introduction of increasingly disparate requirements across the

various U.S. jurisdictions in which we 

operate. Additionally, Washington

state and Nevada have enacted specific health data privacy laws, and

other states 

are considering similar legislation.

Additional states are expected to pass their own versions of data privacy

laws in 

the future.

Congress is considering legislation that may preempt some

or all of such U.S. state privacy laws, but 

which may also provide a more expansive private right of action for privacy

claims than exists under current state 

laws.

The evolving complexity of privacy and data security legislation in the United

States may complicate our 

compliance efforts and further increase our risk of regulatory enforcement, penalties,

and litigation.

While we 

believe we have substantially compliant programs and controls in place to comply

with the US state and federal 

privacy laws and applicable international privacy laws such as GDPR and PIPL,

our compliance with data privacy 

and cybersecurity laws is likely to impose additional costs on us, and we

cannot predict whether the interpretations 

of the requirements, or changes in our practices in response to new requirements

or interpretations of the 

requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Further, countries are applying their data and consumer protection laws to AI, particularly generative

AI, and are 

considering and implementing specific legal frameworks with respect

to AI, for example the EU AI Act 2024 

(which as with the GDPR, will have extra-territorial effect).

Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with 

such requirements could have an adverse impact on our business.

Anticipated further evolution of regulations and 

legislation on this topic may substantially increase the penalties to which we

could be subject in the event of any 

non-compliance.

Compliance with these laws is challenging, constantly evolving,

and time consuming and federal 

regulators, state attorneys general and plaintiff’s attorneys have been and will likely

continue to be active in this 

space.

We 

may incur substantial expense in complying with legal obligations to

be imposed by new regulations 

and we may be required to make significant changes to our solutions and expanding

business operations, all of 

which may materially adversely affect our operations. 

We 

also sell products and services that health care providers, such as physicians

and dentists, use to store and 

manage patient medical or dental records.

These customers, and we, are subject to laws, regulations and industry 

standards, such as HIPAA and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, which require the protection of 

the privacy and security of those records, and our products may also be

used as part of these customers’ 

comprehensive data security programs, including in connection with their efforts to comply with

applicable privacy 

and security laws.

Perceived or actual security vulnerabilities in our products or services,

or the perceived or actual 

failure by us or our customers who use our products or services to comply

with applicable legal or contractual data 

privacy and security requirements, may not only cause us significant reputational

harm, but may also lead to claims 

against us by our customers and/or governmental agencies and involve substantial

fines, penalties and other 

liabilities and expenses and costs for remediation. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

21 

Various

federal initiatives involve the adoption and use by health care

providers of certain EHR systems and 

processes.

The initiatives include, among others, programs that incentivize

physicians and dentists, through MIPS, 

to use EHR technology in accordance with certain evolving requirements,

including regarding quality, promoting 

interoperability, cost and improvement activities.

Qualification for the MIPS incentive payments requires the use 

of EHRs that are certified as having certain capabilities designated

in evolving standards adopted by CMS and the 

Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology of HHS (“ONC”).

Certain of our businesses 

involve the manufacture and sale of such certified EHR systems and other products

linked to government supported 

incentive programs.

In order to maintain certification of our EHR products, we

must satisfy these changing 

governmental standards.

If any of our EHR systems do not meet these standards,

yet have been relied upon by 

health care providers to receive federal incentive payments, we may be exposed

to risk, such as under federal health 

care fraud and abuse laws, including the False Claims Act.

Additionally, effective September 1, 2023, the Office of 

the Inspector General (“OIG”) for HHS issued a final rule implementing

civil money penalties for information 

blocking as established by the Cures Act.

OIG incorporated regulations published by ONC as the basis for 

enforcing information blocking penalties.

Each information blocking violation carries up to a $1 million penalty. 

Moreover, in order to satisfy our customers, and comply with evolving legal requirements, our products may

need 

to incorporate increasingly complex functionality, such as with respect to reporting and information blocking.

Although we believe we are positioned to accomplish this, the effort may involve

increased costs, and our failure to 

implement product modifications, or otherwise satisfy applicable standards,

could have a material adverse effect on 

our business. 

Other health information standards, such as regulations under HIPAA, establish standards regarding electronic 

health data transmissions and transaction code set rules for specific electronic

transactions, such as transactions 

involving claims submissions to third party payers.

Failure to abide by these and other electronic health data 

transmission standards could expose us to breach of contract claims,

substantial fines, penalties, and other liabilities 

and expenses, costs for remediation and harm to our reputation. 

Additionally, as electronic medical devices are increasingly connected to each other and to other technology, the 

ability of these connected systems to safely and effectively exchange and use exchanged

information becomes 

increasingly important.

As a medical device manufacturer, we must manage risks including those associated with 

an electronic interface that is incorporated into a medical device. 

There may be additional legislative or regulatory initiatives in the future impacting

health care. 

E-Commerce 

Electronic commerce solutions have become an integral part of traditional health

care supply and distribution 

relationships.

Our distribution business is characterized by rapid technological

developments and intense 

competition.

The continuing advancement of online commerce requires

us to cost-effectively adapt to changing 

technologies, to enhance existing services and to develop and introduce a

variety of new services to address the 

changing demands of consumers and our customers on a timely basis, particularly

in response to competitive 

offerings. 

Through our proprietary, technologically-based suite of products, we offer customers a variety of competitive 

alternatives.

We 

believe that our tradition of reliable service, our name recognition

and large customer base built 

on solid customer relationships, position us well to participate in

this significant aspect of the distribution business.

We 

continually explore ways and means to improve and expand our

online presence and capabilities, including in 

our online commerce offerings and our use of various social media outlets. 

International Transactions 

United States and foreign import and export laws and regulations require us to

abide by certain standards relating to 

the importation and exportation of products.

We 

also are subject to certain laws and regulations concerning the 

conduct of our foreign operations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices

Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, German 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

22 

anti-corruption laws and other anti-bribery laws and laws pertaining

to the accuracy of our internal books and 

records, as well as other types of foreign requirements similar to those

imposed in the United States. 

While we believe that we are substantially compliant with the foregoing laws

and regulations promulgated 

thereunder and possess all material permits and licenses required for the conduct

of our business, there can be no 

assurance that laws and regulations that impact our business or laws and

regulations as they apply to our customers’ 

practices will not have a material adverse effect on our business.

See “

Item 1A. Risk Factors

.

” for a discussion of additional burdens, risks and regulatory developments

that may 

affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Proprietary Rights

We hold trademarks relating to the “Henry Schein

®

” name and logo, as well as certain other trademarks.

Additionally, certain of our manufacturing businesses hold patents on certain of our products.

We intend to protect 

our trademarks and patents to the fullest extent practicable.

Employees and Human Capital 

At Henry Schein, we understand that our long-term growth is enhanced

by creating shared value for our business 

and the communities we serve, while engaging our key stakeholders that

make up our Mosaic of Success - Team 

Schein Members (TSMs), customers, suppliers, stockholders, and society.

Rooted in our long, rich history of 

sustainability and corporate citizenship, we build relationships to foster

trust, strengthen resilience and catalyze 

innovative solutions to make the world healthier, together.

We 

do this by building environmental, social, and 

economic value for the Company’s sustained growth and continued success as a trusted partner and leader

in health 

care.

Overseen by the Nominating and Governance Committee of our Board of

Directors (“Board”) with the 

Compensation Committee also playing a role in environmental, social, and governance

matters related to human 

capital engagement and executive compensation, some key 2024 highlights

related to human capital matters 

include: 

•

continuing to evaluate our pay equity for the majority of the U.S. workforce, which

reviews compensation 

for equity and fairness;

•

expanding our Inclusive Culture learning journey by educating TSMs on

how to create and sustain a 

meaningful, inclusive and learning oriented culture; and 

•

continuing to drive a culture of wellness and engagement for our TSMs by

fostering an environment where 

they can feel a sense of belonging and purpose. 

At Henry Schein, our employees continue to be one of our greatest assets.

We employ approximately 25,000 

people, with approximately 49% of our workforce based in the United States

and approximately 51% based outside 

of the United States.

We have approximately 13% of our employees that are subject to collective bargaining 

agreements.

We believe that our relations with our employees are excellent. 

Our TSMs are the cornerstone of the Company.

We provide a connected and caring community that invests in the 

career journey of our TSMs and encourages their contribution to

our mission of making the world healthier.

Our 

TSM experience strategy is centered around our Team Schein Values

under the pillars of Community, Caring, and 

Career.

We know our business success is built on the engagement and commitment of our team, which is dedicated 

to meeting the needs of their fellow TSMs, our customers, supplier partners,

stockholders and society.

We recognize the changes in how and where we work, and that a continued connection to our long-standing values 

is important for our team members as we evolve our culture.

Throughout 2024, we rolled out a continuous listening 

program that used various vehicles, including The Pulse Global Culture

Survey and TSM roundtables, to garner 

feedback from our TSMs on their employee experience.

We believe that a great employee experience also drives a 

great customer experience.

We want all of our TSMs to pursue their ambitions, deliver within our values driven 

culture, and enjoy a rewarding career enabled by great people leaders.

The Pulse Global Culture Survey was 

redesigned in 2023 to measure scores aligned to our Team Schein Values.

Our recent annual Pulse survey indicates 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

23 

that although there are heightened stress levels caused by the 2023 cyber incident

and restructuring initiatives, 

TSMs generally remain satisfied with their work experience, feel connected

to their colleagues and intend to stay 

with Henry Schein.

This year, data suggests continued opportunities to improve how we cascade communications 

to all levels of the organization, continue to reduce burnout and stress and provide

more transparency around 

opportunities for career development.

Throughout the year, we also administer quarterly employee listening 

surveys as a way to continuously understand and respond to our TSMs’ feelings.

This feedback is shared with our 

Executive Management Committee and Board, both of whom are committed

to addressing identified opportunities.

As part of this commitment, some highlights from 2024 included: 

•

Community:

Provide opportunities for TSMs to have fun while contributing to an inclusive team

that 

respects and supports one another. 

•

Continued focus on creating an inclusive environment where TSMs

feel a sense of belonging; notably, 

in 2024 for the third time, our top strength identified in The Pulse Global

Culture Survey was our 

Company’s inclusive culture.

To deepen our commitment to Inclusion across the Company, Global 

Directors and Vice Presidents and U.S. Managers are responsible for attending educational training 

focused on developing our culture.

We continue to expand our learning journey, educating TSMs on 

key topics that help us develop a culture of inclusion and understanding.

We continue to publish our 

United States Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (“EEOC”) EEO-1

data for the U.S. 

•

Completed our first year of Henry Schein Games, a global virtual platform

that drives community and 

engagement and offers field-day type in-person events at various global locations that brought

TSMs 

together through friendly competition by earning points for their team

by engaging in cultural-related 

activities and posting photos. 

•

Expanded the number of Connection Days throughout the globe at Henry Schein

facilities, which were 

designed to boost team morale by bringing TSMs together to participate

in team building activities at 

least once per quarter. 

•

Continued focus on our Employee Resource Groups (“ERGs”), a vehicle

for all TSMs to share, 

connect, learn and develop both personally and professionally.

In 2024, we launched our seventh ERG, 

ADAPT (Abled and Disabled Allies Partnering Together).

Each of our ERGs has a sponsor from our 

Executive Management Committee and our Board.

Our CEO engages directly in many of our ERG 

programs.

•

Certified over 200 TSMs through our Culture Ambassador Program, which

educates TSMs on our 

culture and certifies TSMs as mentors

to new hires during their first 90 days to ensure new TSMs 

understand how we live our values day to day, and how they can engage in the Team Schein Culture.

•

Caring:

Build a world we want to live in by supporting each other and

the communities in which we live 

and work. 

•

Continued to offer a variety of opportunities to volunteer to drive purpose and engage

in local 

communities in which TSMs live and work, such as through Carry the Load,

the We Care Global 

Challenge, Back to School and Holiday Cheer.

•

Continued to strengthen our strategic partnerships with industry associations,

customers and suppliers 

that support access to quality health care through various key programs and

initiatives (e.g., Gives Kids 

A Smile, Cares Package Program, Global Student Outreach Program,

and Prepare to Care). 

•

Expanded our global and highly rated Steps for Suicide Prevention

campaign, which brings TSMs 

together to walk for a cause and provide education, partnering with the

American Foundation for 

Suicide Prevention, Suicide Awareness and Remembrance (for Veterans)

and other local organizations. 

•

We also understand the importance of driving a culture of wellness for our own team members through 

our Mental Wellness Committee, which is supported by our CEO, Executive Management Committee 

and Board.

In 2024, we rolled out a ‘Banish Burnout’ campaign, partnering with

an external wellness 

professional to create individualized tips and programming based on the

burnout tendencies each TSM 

faces.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

24 

•

Career:

Provide opportunities for TSMs to develop personally and professionally with an emphasis on 

embodying our values to achieve our collective goals with excellence

and integrity.

•

Continued investment in our employees by providing both formal and

informal learning opportunities 

focused on growing and enhancing knowledge, skills and abilities

through a broad suite of professional 

development training programs for current and future roles.

In 2024, we saw an increase in 

participation in our workshops, with TSMs reporting a high utilization

of skills learned. 

•

Continued expansion of our Leadership Development programs, with formal

mentorship and coaching 

programs.

•

Continued roll-out of talent planning efforts designed to ensure a strong leadership

pipeline across the 

organization by strategically identifying and developing talent through targeted development 

opportunities and intentional succession plans.

Information derived from talent planning efforts 

informs curriculum design and content to help focus on the right

capabilities and help ensure alignment 

of career development efforts with the future needs of the organization.

Our Board is provided with 

periodic updates regarding our talent and succession planning efforts and participates

in professional 

development activities with our TSMs.

•

Announced the creation of the Core Leadership Capabilities (CLCs),

a skills-based model for all TSMs 

that highlights the leadership capabilities that all TSMs are expected

to demonstrate for career success.

The CLCs are a common language and foundational step to developing and

refining the tools, 

processes and programs which support the evolution of a TSM’s career including enhancing skills and 

career development, leading to enhanced

career pathing and internal mobility. 

•

Enhanced company-wide recognitions, including our Teddy Philson Team Schein Award,

which was 

redesigned in 2023 to provide more visibility and meaningful

recognition to TSMs who exemplify our 

Team Schein Values,

as well as other programs including service awards which highlight TSMs

who 

exemplify our Team Schein Values

.

In 2024, we recognized 15 award winners around the world at

our 

Global Directors and Vice Presidents Management Meeting. 

Available Information 

We make available free of charge through our website, www.henryschein.com,

our annual report on Form 10-K, 

quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, statements

of beneficial ownership of securities on 

Forms 3, 4 and 5 and amendments to these reports and statements filed or furnished

pursuant to Section 13(a) and 

Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably

practicable after such materials are 

electronically filed with, or furnished to, the United States Securities and

Exchange Commission, or SEC.

Our 

principal executive offices are located at 135 Duryea Road, Melville, New York 11747, and our telephone number 

is (631) 843-5500.

Unless the context specifically requires otherwise, the terms

the “Company,” “Henry Schein,” 

“we,” “us” and “our” mean Henry Schein, Inc., a Delaware corporation,

and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

25 

Information about our Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive

officers as of February 25, 2025: 

Name 

Age 

Position 

Stanley M. Bergman

75 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Director 

Andrea Albertini 

54 

Chief Executive Officer, Global Distribution and Technology

James P.

Breslawski

71 

President 

Brad Connett 

66 

Chief Executive Officer, North America Distribution Group 

Michael S. Ettinger

63 

Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 

Mark E. Mlotek

69 

Executive Vice President, Chief Strategic Officer, Director 

Tom Popeck 

55 

Chief Executive Officer, Henry Schein Products 

Walter Siegel

65 

Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer 

Ronald N. South 

63 

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

Stanley M. Bergman

has been our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since 1989 and a director

since 1982.

Mr. Bergman held the position of President from 1989 to 2005.

Mr. Bergman held the position of Executive Vice 

President from 1985 to 1989 and Vice President of Finance and Administration from 1980 to 1985.

Mr. Bergman 

is a South African Chartered Accountant and a Certified Public Accountant. 

Andrea Albertini 

has been Chief Executive Officer, Global Distribution Group and Technology Group since 

January 2025.

In this role, Mr. Albertini is responsible for our Global Distribution and Value-Added Services 

segment and our Global Technology segment.

Mr. Albertini joined us in 2013 and has held several positions within 

the organization including Chief Executive Officer, International Distribution Group, President, International 

Distribution Group, President of our EMEA Dental Distribution Group,

and Vice-President of International Dental 

Equipment.

Prior to joining Henry Schein, Mr. Albertini held leadership positions at Cefla Dental Group and 

Castellini.

James P. Breslawski

has been our President since 2005 and was our Vice Chairman from 2018 to May 2024 and a 

director from 1992 to May 2024.

Mr. Breslawski was the Chief Executive Officer of our Henry Schein Global 

Dental Group from 2005 to 2018.

Mr. Breslawski held the position of Executive Vice President and President of 

U.S. Dental from 1990 to 2005, with primary responsibility for the North American

Dental Group.

Between 1980 

and 1990, Mr. Breslawski held various positions with us, including Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of 

Finance and Administration and Corporate Controller. 

Brad Connett

has been our Chief Executive Officer, North American Distribution Group since 2021.

Previously 

Mr. Connett was the President of our U.S. Medical Group from 2018 to 2021.

Mr. Connett joined us in 1997 and 

has held a number of roles of increasing responsibility at the Company.

Throughout his career, he has received 

numerous industry honors, including the John F. Sasen Leadership Award from the Health Industry Distributors 

Association (HIDA), in recognition of his service to the industry, and induction into the Medical Distribution Hall 

of Fame by Repertoire Magazine. 

Michael S. Ettinger

has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since 2022.

Prior to his 

current position, Mr. Ettinger served as Senior Vice President, Corporate & Legal Affairs, Chief of Staff and 

Secretary from 2015 to 2022, Senior Vice President, Corporate & Legal Affairs and Secretary from 2013 to 2015, 

Corporate Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary from 2006 to 2013, Vice President, General 

Counsel and Secretary from 2000 to 2006, Vice President and Associate General Counsel from 1998 to 2000

and 

Associate General Counsel from 1994 to 1998.

Before joining us, Mr. Ettinger served as a senior associate with 

Bower & Gardner and as a member of the Tax Department at Arthur Andersen. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

26 

Mark E. Mlotek

has been our Executive Vice President and Chief Strategic Officer since 2012.

Mr. Mlotek was 

Senior Vice President and subsequently Executive Vice President of the Corporate Business Development Group 

between 2000 and 2012.

Prior to that, Mr. Mlotek was Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from 1994 to 

1999 and became a director in 1995.

Prior to joining us, Mr. Mlotek was a partner in the law firm of Proskauer 

Rose LLP,

counsel to us, specializing in mergers and acquisitions, corporate reorganizations and tax law from

1989 

to 1994. 

Tom

Popeck

has been our Chief Executive Officer, Henry Schein Products Group since January 2025.

In this role, 

Mr. Popeck is responsible for our Global Specialty Products segment.

Since joining us in 2019, Mr. Popeck has 

held several key positions including Chief Executive Officer, Healthcare Specialties Group, and President of our 

Healthcare Specialties Group.

Prior to joining Henry Schein, Mr. Popeck held various sales leadership and general 

management executive positions at Stryker. 

Walter Siegel

has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer since 2021.

Previously, Mr.

Siegel was 

our Senior Vice President and General Counsel from 2013 until 2021.

Prior to joining us, Mr. Siegel was employed 

with Standard Microsystems Corporation, a publicly traded global

semiconductor company from 2005 to 2012, 

holding positions of increasing responsibility, most recently as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and 

Secretary. 

Ronald N. South

has been our Senior Vice President

and Chief Financial Officer (and principal financial officer 

and principal accounting officer) since 2022.

Prior to holding his current position, Mr. South was our Vice 

President Corporate Finance since 2008, and Chief Accounting Officer from 2013 until 2022.

Prior to joining us in 

2008 as our Vice President, Corporate Finance, Mr. South held leadership roles at Bristol-Myers Squibb, where he 

served as Vice President, Finance, for the Cardiovascular and Metabolic business lines, as well as Vice President, 

Controller, for its U.S. Pharmaceutical Division, and Vice President, Corporate General Auditor.

Prior to Bristol-

Myers Squibb, he served as North American Director of Corporate Audit

at PepsiCo, and held several roles of 

increasing responsibility with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, where he advised clients located in the United States, 

Europe, and Latin America.

Mr. South is a Certified Public Accountant. 

Other Executive Management 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding other Executive

Management as of February 25, 2025: 

Name 

Age 

Position 

R. Steven Boggan 

60 

Co-Chief Executive Officer, Global Oral Reconstruction Group 

Trinh Clark 

51 

Senior Vice President and Chief Global Customer Experience Officer 

James Mullins 

60 

Senior Vice President, Global Supply Chain 

Kelly Murphy 

44 

Senior Vice President and General Counsel 

Christopher Pendergast 

62 

Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer 

Christine Sheehy 

57 

Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources 

Bianka Wilson 

57 

Co-Chief Executive Officer, Global Oral Reconstruction Group 

R. Steven Boggan

has been our Co-Chief Executive Officer, Global Oral Reconstruction Group since April 2024.

As Co-CEO of our Global Oral Reconstruction Group, which is part

of our Specialty Products and Other segment, 

Mr. Boggan leads commercial operations in the Americas, the Middle East, and Africa, as well as global

marketing 

and R&D.

Mr. Boggan joined Henry Schein, as the President and CEO of BioHorizons, which we acquired

in 

2014.

Mr. Boggan joined BioHorizons in 1995 and was promoted to President and CEO in 2000.

Prior to 

BioHorizons, Mr. Boggan was employed at Dow Corning Wright and Wright Medical Technology from 1989 until 

1995\. 

Trinh Clark 

has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Global Customer Experience Officer since 2022.

Ms. 

Clark joined us in 2007 and has served as Vice President, Technology Enablement, North American Distribution 

Group.

Prior to joining Henry Schein, Ms. Clark held various positions of

increasing responsibility at eSurg.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

27 

James Mullins

has been our Senior Vice President of Global Supply Chain since 2018.

Mr. Mullins joined us in 

1988 and has held a number of key positions with increasing responsibility, including Global Chief Customer 

Service Officer. 

Kelly Murphy

has been our Senior Vice President and General Counsel since 2021.

Since joining us in 2011, Ms. 

Murphy has held several key positions of increasing responsibility within

the legal function, most recently serving 

as Deputy General Counsel.

Christopher Pendergast

has been our Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer since 2018.

Prior to 

joining us, Mr. Pendergast was employed by VSP Global from 2008 to 2018, most recently as the Chief 

Technology Officer and Chief Information Officer.

Prior to VSP Global, Mr. Pendergast served in roles of 

increasing responsibility at Natural Organics, Inc., from 2006 to 2008, IdeaSphere Inc./Twinlab Corporation from 

2000 to 2006, IBM Corporation from 1987 to 1994 and 1998 to 2000

and Rohm and Haas from 1994 to 1998. 

Christine Sheehy

has been our Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer since November 2024.

Ms. 

Sheehy joined us in 2019 and has held several key positions with increasing

responsibility, including Vice

President 

of the Human Resources Business Partner function for our North America

Distribution Group, Healthcare 

Specialties Group, several Global Oral Reconstruction businesses, and our

Corporate Functions.

Prior to joining 

Henry Schein, Ms. Sheehy held various leadership positions at Standard Chartered

Bank and Banco Real. 

Bianka Wilson 

has been our Co-Chief Executive Officer, Global Oral Reconstruction Group since April 2024.

As 

Co-CEO of our Global Oral Reconstruction Group, which is part of

our Specialty Products and Other segment, Ms. 

Wilson leads the group's business, including strategic partnerships, in Europe and APAC, as well as Global Oral 

Reconstruction Group strategy, finance, and human resources.

Ms. Wilson joined Henry Schein in 2018 as Chief 

Financial Officer of the Global Oral Reconstruction Group.

Prior to joining Henry Schein, Ms. Wilson was CFO of 

a public Swiss medical communication technology company and

before that an Advisory Partner in KPMG's 

consulting practice, following her initial career in public accounting.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

28 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 

Our business operations could be affected by factors that are not presently known

to us or that we currently 

consider not to be material to our operations, so you should not consider

the risks disclosed in this section to 

necessarily represent a complete statement of all risks and uncertainties.

The Company believes that the following 

risks could have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, operating

results, financial condition and/or 

the trading price of our common stock.

The order in which these factors appear does not necessarily reflect

their 

relative importance or priority.

COMPANY RISKS 

We are dependent upon third parties for the manufacture and supply of a significant volume of our products and 

where we manufacture products, we are dependent upon third parties

for raw materials and purchased 

components. 

We obtain a significant volume of the products we distribute from third parties, with whom we generally do not 

have long-term contracts.

While there is typically more than one source of supply, some key suppliers, in the 

aggregate, supply a significant portion of the products we sell.

In 2024, our top 10 Global Distribution and Value-

Added Services suppliers and our single largest supplier accounted for approximately

25% and 4%, respectively, of 

our aggregate purchases.

Additionally, where we are the manufacturer of certain dental specialty products we sell 

in the areas of oral surgery, implants, orthodontics and endodontics, we are dependent upon third parties for raw 

materials and purchased components.

Because of our dependence upon such suppliers, our operations

are subject 

to the suppliers’ ability and willingness to supply products in the quantities

that we require, and the risks include 

delays caused by interruption in production based on conditions outside

of our control, including a supplier’s failure 

to comply with applicable government requirements (which may

result in product recalls and/or cessation of sales) 

or an interruption in the suppliers’ manufacturing capabilities.

In the event of any such interruption in supply, we 

would need to timely identify and obtain acceptable replacement sources.

There is no guarantee that we would be 

able to obtain such alternative sources of supply on a timely basis,

if at all, and an extended interruption in supply, 

particularly of a high-sales volume and/or high-margin product, could result in a

significant disruption in our sales 

and operations, as well as damage to our relationships with customers

and our reputation.

In recent periods, we 

have experienced increased costs and shortages of purchased components,

which has had a negative impact on our 

profit margins and on our sales for certain product categories, due to our inability

to fully satisfy demand.

We may be unsuccessful in achieving our strategic growth objectives. 

Our 2022 – 2024 BOLD+1 Strategic Plan is defined under “Business, Business

Strategy” above.

We expect to 

continue to execute the BOLD+1 strategic priorities with the next evolution

of our strategic plan.

In particular, we 

are focused on continuing to grow our Henry Schein specialty brands

and technology and value-added services 

solutions both organically and inorganically, and to drive greater efficiencies.

If we are unable to effectively 

implement our strategic plan, we may not achieve our desired return on our

investments through our growth 

strategies.

Our business could be affected by the recently signed Strategic Partnership Agreement. 

On January 29, 2025, we announced a strategic investment by

funds affiliated with KKR & Co. Inc. (“KKR”), a 

leading global investment firm, and a Strategic Partnership Agreement (the “Partnership

Agreement”) with 

KKR.

In addition to KKR’s current holdings, KKR will make an additional $250 million investment in the 

Company’s common stock.

As a result, KKR will become the largest non-index fund stockholder of the Company 

with a 12% position.

KKR will also have the ability to purchase additional shares

via open market purchases up to 

a total equity stake of 14.9% of the outstanding common shares of

the Company.

Under the Partnership 

Agreement, two representatives of KKR (the “Investor Designees”) will join our

Board of Directors.

Each of the 

Investor Designees will also be nominated by our Board of Directors

to stand for election at our 2025 annual 

meeting of stockholders for a term expiring at our 2026 annual meeting

of stockholders.

As part of the Partnership 

Agreement, KKR has agreed to customary voting and other provisions.

Consummation of the transactions 

contemplated by the Partnership Agreement is subject to customary

closing conditions, including the expiration or 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

29 

termination of any waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act

and certain foreign regulatory approvals.

The 

Partnership Agreement may have unintended consequences, such as

uncertainty about our management, operations, 

or future strategic direction, which could result in the loss of future

business opportunities or negatively impact our 

ability to attract and retain qualified talent. KKR also invests in many different types of

businesses, and has or may 

continue to invest in customers, suppliers, joint venture partners, or

other entities that have relationships with the 

Company, or in competitors of such entities,

which may create unintended conflicts resulting in a loss of business.

Our future growth (especially for our Global Technology and Global Specialty Products segments) is dependent 

upon our ability to develop or acquire and maintain and protect

new products and services and utilize new 

technologies that achieve market acceptance with acceptable margins. 

Our future success depends on our ability to timely develop (or obtain the right

to sell) competitive and innovative 

(particularly for our Global Technology and Global Specialty Products segments) products and services and utilize 

new technologies, such as artificial intelligence (“AI”) (among other emerging technologies)

and to market them 

and/or utilize them quickly and cost-effectively.

Our ability to anticipate customer needs and emerging trends and 

develop or acquire new products, services and technologies at competitive

prices requires significant resources, 

including employees with the requisite skills, experience and expertise, particularly

in our Global Technology 

segment, including dental practice management, patient engagement

and demand creation software solutions.

The 

failure to successfully address these challenges could materially disrupt

our sales and operations.

We have increased and expect to continue to increase our use of AI technologies in various contexts to improve 

customer and patient experiences and drive efficiencies in certain areas of our business.

While these innovations 

can present benefits to the Company, they also create risks and challenges.

If investments in such emerging 

technologies are less successful at attracting and retaining customers than

similar investments by our competitors, 

or if we are otherwise unsuccessful at realizing the benefits of these

technological investments generally, this could 

have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or operating

results.

Additionally, widely 

assessable generative AI that rapidly surpasses our organizational ability to understand

associated risks and 

opportunities (including employees’ failure to comply with policies governing

AI usage) could endanger our 

intellectual property, lead to misuse of data and cause reputational harm. 

Risks inherent in acquisitions, dispositions and joint ventures could

offset the anticipated benefits.

One of our business strategies has been to expand in part through acquisitions

and joint ventures and we expect to 

continue to make acquisitions and enter into joint ventures in the future.

There is risk that one or more may not 

succeed.

We cannot be sure, for example, that we will achieve the benefits of revenue growth that we expect from 

these transactions or that we will avoid unforeseen additional costs, taxes,

or expenses.

Our ability to successfully 

implement our acquisition and joint venture strategy depends upon,

among other things, the following: 

•

the availability of suitable acquisition or joint venture candidates at

acceptable prices; 

•

our ability to consummate such transactions, which could potentially

be prohibited due to U.S. or foreign 

antitrust regulations; 

•

the liquidity of our investments and the availability of financing on

acceptable terms; 

•

our ability to retain customers or product lines of the acquired businesses or

joint ventures; 

•

our ability to retain, recruit and incentivize the management of the

companies we acquire; and 

•

our ability to successfully integrate these companies’ operations, systems,

services, products and personnel 

with our culture, management policies, legal, regulatory and compliance

policies, information technology 

and cybersecurity systems and policies, internal procedures, working capital

management, financial, 

operational and internal controls and strategies. 

Furthermore, some of our acquisitions and future acquisitions may give

rise to an obligation to make contingent 

payments or to satisfy certain repurchase obligations, which payments

could have material adverse impacts on our 

financial results individually or in the aggregate.

Additionally, when we decide to sell assets or a business, we may 

encounter difficulty in finding buyers or timely executing alternative exit strategies

on acceptable terms, which 

could delay the accomplishment of our strategic objectives.

Dispositions may also involve continued financial 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

30 

involvement in a divested business, such as through transition service agreements,

indemnities or other current or 

contingent financial obligations.

Certain provisions in our governing documents and other documents to

which we are a party may discourage 

third parties from seeking to acquire us that might otherwise result

in our stockholders receiving a premium 

over the market price of their shares. 

The provisions of our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may

make it more difficult for a third-party to 

acquire us, may discourage acquisition bids and may impact the price

that certain investors might be willing to pay 

in the future for shares of our common stock.

These provisions, among other things require (i) the affirmative vote 

of the holders of at least 60% of the shares of common stock entitled to vote

to approve a merger, consolidation, or 

a sale, lease, transfer or exchange of all or substantially all of our assets;

and (ii) the affirmative vote of the holders 

of at least 66 2/3% of our common stock entitled to vote to (a)

remove a director; and (b) to amend or repeal our 

by-laws, with certain limited exceptions.

In addition, certain of our employee incentive plans provide

for 

accelerated vesting of equity awards upon termination without cause within

two years following a change in 

control, or grant the plan committee discretion to accelerate awards

upon a change of control.

Further, certain 

agreements between us and our executive officers provide for increased severance

payments and certain benefits if 

those executive officers are terminated without cause by us or if they terminate

for good reason, in each case within 

two years following a change in control or within ninety days prior to the

effective date of the change in control or 

after the first public announcement of the pendency of the change

in control. 

Adverse changes in supplier rebates or other purchasing incentives

could negatively affect our business. 

The terms on which we purchase or sell products from many suppliers may

entitle us to receive a rebate or other 

purchasing incentive based on the attainment of certain growth goals.

Suppliers may reduce or eliminate rebates or 

incentives offered under their programs, or increase the growth goals or other conditions

we must meet to earn 

rebates or incentives to levels that we cannot achieve.

Increased competition either from generic or equivalent 

branded products could result in us failing to earn rebates or incentives

that are conditioned upon achievement of 

growth goals.

Additionally, factors outside of our control, such as customer preferences, consolidation of suppliers 

or supply issues, can have a material impact on our ability to achieve

the growth goals established by our suppliers, 

which may reduce the amount of rebates or incentives we receive. 

Sales of corporate brand products and products that we manufacture

entail additional risks, including the risk 

that such sales could materially adversely affect our relationships with suppliers. 

We offer

certain corporate brand products that are available exclusively

from us.

The sale of such corporate brand 

products and the sale of products that we manufacture subject us to

potential product liability risks, mandatory or 

voluntary product recalls, potential supply chain and distribution chain

disruptions and potential intellectual 

property infringement risks, among other risks.

In addition, an increase in the sales of our corporate brand products 

and our own manufactured products may negatively affect our sales of products

owned by our suppliers which, 

consequently, could adversely impact certain of our supplier relationships.

Our ability to locate qualified, 

economically stable suppliers who satisfy our requirements, and

to acquire sufficient products in a timely and 

effective manner, is critical to ensuring, among other things, that customer confidence is not diminished.

In 

addition, we are exposed to the risk that our competitors or our large customers may

introduce their own private 

label, generic, or low-cost products that compete with our products at

lower price points.

Such products could 

capture significant market share or decrease market prices overall, eroding

our sales and margins.

Any failure to 

develop sourcing relationships with a broad and deep supplier base

could have a material adverse effect on our 

business, financial condition or operating results.

Our business could be affected by activist investors. 

We actively engage in discussions with our stockholders.

In other cases, stockholders can engage in certain 

divisive activist tactics, which can take many forms (including potential

proxy contests).

Some stockholder 

activism has resulted in, and could in the future result in, substantial

costs, such as professional fees, and the 

diversion of management’s and our Board of Directors’ attention and resources from our businesses and strategic 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

31 

plans.

Additionally, it could cause uncertainty about our management, operations or future strategic direction, 

which could result in the loss of future business opportunities or negatively

impact our ability to attract and retain 

qualified talent.

Activists or other stockholders holding a large portion of our outstanding shares

could also have 

the ability to exert influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote,

including the election of directors and the 

approval of certain extraordinary business transactions.

These risks could cause volatility in the trading price of our 

common stock based on factors other than the fundamentals of our

business.

INDUSTRY RISKS 

Security risks generally associated with our information systems and our

technology products and services have 

in the recent past adversely affected our business and results of operations, and could

in the future materially 

adversely affect our business and our results of operations if such products, services,

or systems (or third-party 

systems we rely on) are interrupted, damaged by unforeseen events, are subject

to cyberattacks or fail for any 

extended period of time. 

We rely on information systems (“IS”) in our business to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, manage and store 

customer, product, supplier and employee data to, among other things: 

•

maintain and manage worldwide systems to facilitate the purchase and

distribution of thousands of 

inventory items from numerous distribution centers; 

•

receive, process and ship orders on a timely basis; 

•

manage the accurate billing and collections for our customers; 

•

process payments to suppliers;

•

provide products and services that maintain certain of our customers’ electronic

medical or dental records 

(including protected health information of their patients); and 

•

maintain and manage global human resources, compensation and payroll

systems. 

There could be an adverse impact on our business, financial condition

or operating results if we do not maintain an 

adequate information and technology infrastructure (

e.g.

, hardware, networks, software, people and processes) to 

effectively protect and support the current and future information requirements of the business.

In addition to health 

information in our customers’ electronic medical and dental records,

certain of our IS stores other sensitive personal 

and financial information, such as health care and other information related

to our employees and individuals we 

service, as well as other sensitive information such as credit card

information from our third-party business 

partners, that is confidential, and in many cases subject to privacy laws.

Our IS are susceptible to, among other things, natural disasters, power

losses, telecommunication failures, 

cybersecurity threats and other criminal activity.

Information security risks have significantly increased

in recent 

years in part because of an overall increase in cyber incidents, their increased

sophistication and the involvement of 

organized crime, hackers, terrorists and foreign state agents.

In particular, the health care industry has been 

targeted by threat actors seeking to undermine companies’ cybersecurity defensive

measures.

We have processes in 

place intended to ensure that our security measures keep pace with

new and emerging risks.

We regularly review, 

monitor and implement multiple layers of security through technology, processes and our people.

We utilize 

security technologies designed to protect and maintain the integrity of

our IS and data, and our defenses are 

monitored and routinely tested internally and by external parties.

Despite these efforts, our facilities and systems 

and those of our third-party service providers have been, and may in

the future be, vulnerable to privacy and 

security incidents, cybersecurity attacks and data breaches, acts of vandalism

or theft, computer viruses and other 

malicious code, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors,

attacks or other acts undermining IS of 

third party business partners including our customers, or other similar events

that could impact the security, 

reliability and availability of our systems.

In addition, hardware, software or applications developed

internally or 

procured from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture

or other problems that could unexpectedly 

compromise information security.

As a practical matter, so long as we depend on IS to operate our business, and 

our business partners do the same, there can be no guaranty

that such measures will successfully stop any one 

particular cybersecurity incident given the constantly evolving nature of

the threat.

We have incurred and may in 

the future incur substantial costs as we update our cybersecurity defense

systems and our general computer controls 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

32 

to meet evolving challenges, and legislative or regulatory action related

to cybersecurity may increase our costs to 

develop or implement new technology products and services. 

A cyberattack that bypasses or compromises our IS cybersecurity and/or

general information technology (“IT”) 

controls (including third-party systems we rely on) causing an IS security breach

may lead, and has in the past led, 

to a disruption of our IS business systems (including third-party systems we

rely on), interruption of operations 

(including, without limitation, receiving, verifying and processing customer orders,

customer service, accounts 

payable, warehouse management and shipping and systems tied

to internal controls over financial reporting), the 

loss or alteration of business, financial and other protected information,

a negative impact on our financial 

performance, and to an adverse impact on our financial accounting

and reporting controls.

A cyberattack that 

bypasses or compromises our IS cybersecurity and/or general computer

controls or those of third parties with whom 

we engage may also lead to claims against us by affected parties and/or governmental

agencies, and involve fines 

and penalties, as well as substantial defense and settlement expenses.

Any of these impacts may alone, or 

collectively, have a material impact on our business.

A successful cyberattack has, and may again in the future, 

disrupt our business operations, adversely impact our financial accounting

and reporting of results of operations, 

divert the attention of management, and adversely impact our results of

operations.

In addition, we develop products and provide services to our customers

that are technology-based, and a 

cyberattack that bypasses the IS supporting our products or services causing

a security breach and/or perceived 

security vulnerabilities in our products or services could also cause significant

loss of business and reputational 

harm, and actual or perceived vulnerabilities may lead to claims against

us by our customers and/or governmental 

agencies.

In addition, certain of our practice management products and services

purchased by health care 

providers, such as physicians and dentists, are used to store and manage patient

medical or dental records, and when 

cloud-based approaches are used, we may be responsible for hosting

those records.

These customers, and in some 

cases, we are subject to laws and regulations which require that

they protect the privacy and security of those 

records, and our products may be used as part of these customers’ comprehensive

data security programs, including 

in connection with their efforts to comply with applicable privacy and security laws.

In addition to immaterial and unrelated prior incidents at certain of

our subsidiaries, in October 2023 Henry Schein 

experienced a cybersecurity incident that primarily affected the operations of our

North American and European 

dental and medical distribution businesses.

Henry Schein One, our practice management software, revenue

cycle 

management and patient relationship management solutions business was

not affected, and our manufacturing 

businesses were mostly unaffected.

The October 2023 cybersecurity incident disrupted key business

operations, 

adversely impacted our financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2023,

diverted attention of management, 

and caused the Company to incur significant remediation costs.

The incident had residual impact on our financial 

results in 2024, and we continue to review the effects of the incident on the Company’s business.

We have spent, 

and plan to expend in the future, additional resources to continue

to protect against, or to address problems caused 

by, business interruptions and data security breaches.

We also may be perceived as a more vulnerable target of the 

cyber hackers as a result of the October 2023 incident. 

The health care products distribution industry is highly competitive

(including, without limitation, competition 

from third-party online commerce sites) and consolidating, and we may not

be able to compete successfully. 

We compete with numerous companies, including several major manufacturers and distributors.

Some of our 

competitors have greater financial and other resources than we do, which

could allow them to compete more 

successfully.

Most of our products are available from several sources and our customers

tend to have relationships 

with several distributors.

Competitors could obtain exclusive rights to market particular

products, which we would 

then be unable to market.

Manufacturers also could increase their efforts to sell directly to end-users and

thereby 

eliminate or reduce our role in distribution.

Industry consolidation among health care product distributors and 

manufacturers, price competition, product unavailability, whether due to our inability to gain access to products or 

to interruptions in manufacturing supply, or the emergence of new competitors, also could increase competition.

Consolidation has also increased among manufacturers of health care

products, which could have a material 

adverse effect on our margins and product availability.

We could be subject to charges and financial losses in the 

event we fail to satisfy minimum purchase commitments contained

in some of our contracts.

Additionally, 

traditional health care supply and distribution relationships are being challenged

by online commerce solutions.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

33 

The continued advancement of online commerce by third parties and online

price transparency requires us to cost-

effectively adapt to changing technologies, to enhance existing services and to differentiate

our business (including 

with additional value-added services) to address changing demands

of consumers and our customers.

The 

emergence of such competition and our inability to anticipate and effectively respond to changes on

a timely basis 

could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating

results.

The health care industry is experiencing changes due to political, economic

and regulatory influences that could 

materially adversely affect our business.

The health care industry is highly regulated and subject to changing

political, economic and regulatory influences.

In recent years, the health care industry has been undergoing significant changes driven

by various efforts to reduce 

costs, including, among other factors: trends toward managed care; collective

purchasing arrangements and 

consolidation among office-based health care practitioners; and changes in reimbursements

to customers, including 

increased attention to value-based payment arrangements, as well as enforcement

activities (and related monetary 

recoveries) by governmental officials.

Both our profitability and that of our customers may be

materially adversely 

affected by laws and regulations reducing reimbursement rates for pharmaceuticals,

medical supplies and devices, 

and/or medical treatments or services, or changes to the methodology

by which reimbursement levels are 

determined.

If we are unable to react effectively to these and other changes in the

health care industry, our business 

could be materially adversely affected.

The ACA greatly expanded health insurance coverage

in the United States 

and has been the target of legal and political challenges since its adoption.

Any outcome of these challenges that 

changes the ACA could have a significant impact on the U.S. health care

industry and the ability or willingness of 

individuals to engage with it.

Expansion of GPOs, DSOs, MSOs or provider networks and the multi-tiered

costing structure may place us at a 

competitive disadvantage. 

The health care products industry is subject to a multi-tiered costing structure, which

can vary by manufacturer 

and/or product.

Under this structure, certain institutions can obtain more favorable

prices for health care products 

than we are able to obtain.

The multi-tiered costing structure continues to expand as many large integrated health 

care providers and others with significant purchasing power, such as GPOs, DSOs and MSOs, demand

more 

favorable pricing terms.

Additionally, the formation of provider networks, GPOs, DSOs and MSOs may shift 

purchasing decisions to entities or persons with whom we do not have a historical

relationship and may threaten our 

ability to compete effectively, which could in turn negatively impact our financial results.

In addition, such 

organizations may establish direct relationships with manufacturers, thereby

either eliminating or reducing the 

services historically provided by distributors.

Although we are seeking to obtain similar terms from manufacturers 

to access lower prices demanded by GPO, DSO and MSO contracts or

other contracts, and to develop relationships 

with existing and emerging provider networks, GPOs, DSOs and MSOs, we

cannot guarantee that such terms will 

be obtained or contracts executed.

Increases in shipping costs or service issues with our third-party shippers

could harm our business. 

Our ability to meet our customers’ expedited delivery expectations is an

integral component of our business 

strategy for which our customers rely.

Shipping is a significant expense in the operation of our business.

We ship 

almost all of our orders through third-party delivery services, and typically bear

the cost of shipment.

Accordingly, 

any significant increase in shipping rates could have a material adverse

effect on our business, financial condition 

or operating results.

While we have recently experienced increases in shipping costs,

we do not expect these 

additional expenses to be material to our results now, however, they could be material in the future.

Similarly, 

strikes or other service interruptions by those shippers, including at transportation

centers or shipping ports, could 

cause our operating expenses to rise and materially adversely affect our ability

to deliver products on a timely basis. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

34 

MACRO-ECONOMIC AND POLITICAL RISKS 

Uncertain global and domestic macro-economic and political conditions

could materially adversely affect our 

results of operations and financial condition. 

Uncertain global and domestic macro-economic and political conditions

that affect the economy and the economic 

outlook of the United States, Europe, Asia and other parts of the

world could have a material adverse effect our 

business, financial condition or operating results.

These uncertainties, include, among other things, those listed 

under “Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and

Results of Operations, Cautionary Note 

Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.”

Additionally, changes in government, government debt and/or budget crises may lead to reductions in government 

spending in certain countries, which could reduce overall health care spending

and/or lead to higher income or 

corporate taxes, which could depress spending overall.

Recessionary or inflationary conditions and depressed 

levels of consumer and commercial spending may also cause customers

to reduce, modify, delay,

or cancel plans to 

purchase our products and may cause suppliers to reduce their output

or change their terms of sale.

We have 

experienced inflationary pressures, including higher freight costs and

interest expense, and pressures resulting from 

the strengthening of the dollar, which have and continue to impact our results of operations.

We generally sell 

products to customers with payment terms.

If customers’ cash flow or operating and financial performance 

deteriorate, or if they are unable to make scheduled payments or obtain

credit, they may not be able to, or may 

delay, payment to us.

Likewise, for similar reasons suppliers may restrict credit or impose

different payment terms. 

REGULATORY

AND LITIGATION RISKS 

Failure to comply with existing and future regulatory requirements

could materially adversely affect our 

business. 

We strive to be compliant with the applicable laws, regulations and guidance described below in all material 

respects, and believe we have effective compliance programs and other controls

in place to ensure substantial 

compliance.

However, compliance is not guaranteed either now or in the future as certain laws, regulations

and 

guidance may be subject to varying and evolving interpretations that could

affect our ability to comply, as well as 

future changes, additions and enforcement approaches, including in light

of political changes.

Changes with 

respect to the applicable laws, regulations and guidance described below

may require us to update or revise our 

operations, services, marketing practices, and compliance programs

and controls, and may impose additional and 

unforeseen costs on us, pose new or previously immaterial risks to us, or

may otherwise have a material adverse 

effect on our business.

There can be no assurance that current and future government

regulations will not adversely 

affect our business, and we cannot predict new regulatory priorities, the form, content

or timing of regulatory 

actions, and their impact on the health care industry and on our business

and operations. 

Global efforts to contain health care costs continue to exert pressure on product pricing.

In the United States, there 

has been increased scrutiny on drug pricing and concurrent efforts to control or

reduce drug costs by Congress, the 

President, executive branch agencies and various states.

We may be required to report drug pricing data under 

federal laws and regulations.

Several U.S. states have adopted laws, that may apply to some of

our operations, that 

require drug manufacturers, including re-packagers or re-labelers, to provide

advance notice of certain price 

increases and to report information relating to price increases, while

others have established prescription drug 

affordability boards or multi-payer purchasing pools to reduce the cost of prescription

drugs.

At the federal level, 

for example, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, among other things,

requires drug manufacturers that raise certain 

of their drug prices faster than the rate of inflation to pay rebates to Medicare,

and over time will authorize the 

federal government to negotiate directly with drug manufacturers to

lower the prices of certain brand-name drugs 

covered by Medicare.

These various evolving efforts create uncertainty and may adversely affect our business. 

Under the Sunshine Act, we are required to collect and report detailed

information regarding certain financial 

relationships we have with covered recipients (

e.g.

, physicians, dentists, teaching hospitals, other health care 

practitioners).

We may be required to report information under state transparency laws that address circumstances 

not covered by the Sunshine Act.

We are also subject to similar foreign transparency laws.

While we believe we 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

35 

have substantially compliant programs and controls in place satisfying

the above laws and requirements, such 

compliance imposes additional costs on us and the requirements

are sometimes unclear. 

Our business is subject to additional requirements under various local, state,

federal and foreign laws and 

regulations applicable to the sale and distribution of, and third-party payment

for, pharmaceuticals and medical 

devices and HCT/P products.

Among the federal laws with which we must comply are the Controlled Substances 

Act, the FDC Act, the Federal Drug Quality and Security Act, including DSCSA,

and Section 361 of the Public 

Health Services Act.

Among other things, such laws and the regulations promulgated

thereunder:

•

regulate the introduction, manufacture, advertising, marketing, promotion,

sampling, pricing, 

reimbursement, labeling, packaging, storage, handling, returning,

recalling, reporting, distribution of, and 

recordkeeping for drugs, HCT/P products and medical devices, including

unique device identifiers; 

•

subject us to inspection by the FDA, OSHA, and DEA and similar state

authorities; 

•

regulate the storage, transportation and disposal of

hazardous materials; 

•

require us to advertise and promote our drugs and devices in accordance

with FDA regulations; 

•

require us to report average sales price (ASP) to CMS for drugs or biologicals

payable under Medicare Part 

B with or without a Medicaid drug rebate agreement; 

•

require registration with the FDA and the DEA and various state agencies; 

•

require us to design and operate a system to identify and report suspicious

orders of controlled substances 

to the DEA and certain states; 

•

require us to manage returns of products that have been recalled and subject

us to inspection of our recall 

procedures and activities;

•

impose on us reporting requirements if a pharmaceutical, HCT/P product or

medical device causes an 

adverse event, serious illness, injury or death; 

•

require manufacturers, wholesalers, re-packagers and dispensers of prescription

drugs to identify and trace 

certain prescription drugs as they are distributed;

•

require the licensing of prescription drug wholesalers and third-party

logistics providers; and

•

mandate compliance with standards for the recordkeeping, storage,

handling and documentation of 

transactions involving prescription drugs and associated reporting requirements. 

The FDA regulates certain computer software and digital health products intended

for use in health care settings, 

including, for example, AI and machine learning-enabled medical devices

and the cybersecurity of medical devices.

Certain of our businesses involve the development and sale of

software and related products to support physician 

and dental practice management, and it is possible that the FDA or

foreign government authorities could determine 

that one or more of our products is subject to regulation as a medical device,

which could subject our businesses to 

substantial additional requirements, costs, potential enforcement actions

or liabilities for noncompliance with 

respect to these products. For example, some of our imaging software is

regulated as a medical device which 

subjects our businesses to substantial additional requirements, costs

and potential enforcement actions or liabilities 

for noncompliance with respect to these products. 

Applicable federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations also may

require us to meet various standards 

relating to, among other things, licensure, registration, program eligibility, procurement, third-party reimbursement, 

sales and marketing practices, product integrity and supply

tracking to product manufacturers, product labeling, 

personnel, privacy and security of health or other personal information,

installation, maintenance and repair of 

equipment and the importation and exportation of products.

The FDA and DEA, as well as CMS (including with 

respect to complex Medicare reimbursement requirements applicable to our

specialty home medical supplies 

business) and state Medicaid agencies, have recently increased their regulatory

and enforcement activities and, in 

particular, the DEA has heightened enforcement activities due to the opioid crisis in the United

States.

The failure to comply with any of these laws or regulations, or new interpretations

of them, or the imposition of any 

additional laws and regulations, could materially adversely affect our business.

The costs to us associated with 

complying with the various applicable statutes and regulations, as they now

exist and as they may be modified, 

could be material.

Allegations by a governmental body that we have not complied

with these laws could have a 

material adverse effect on our businesses.

While we believe that we are substantially compliant with

applicable 

laws and regulations, and have adequate compliance programs and controls

in place to ensure substantial 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

36 

compliance, if it is determined that we have not complied with these laws,

we are potentially subject to warning 

letters, substantial civil and criminal penalties, mandatory recall of product,

seizure of product and injunction, 

consent decrees and suspension or limitation of payments to us, product

sale and distribution.

If we enter into 

settlement agreements to resolve allegations of non-compliance, we

could be required to make settlement payments 

or be subject to civil and criminal penalties, including fines and

the loss of licenses.

Non-compliance with 

government requirements could also adversely affect our ability to participate in

important federal and state 

government health care programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid,

and damage our reputation. 

The EU Medical Device Regulation (“MDR”) may adversely affect our business.

The EU MDR significantly modified the regulatory compliance requirements

for the medical device industry as a 

whole.

Among other things, the EU MDR: 

•

strengthens the rules on placing devices on the market and reinforces

surveillance thereafter; 

•

establishes explicit provisions on manufacturers’ responsibilities

for the follow-up of the quality, 

performance and safety of devices placed on the market; 

•

improves the traceability of medical devices throughout the supply chain to

the end-user or patient through 

a unique identification number; 

•

sets up a central database (EUDAMED) to provide patients, health care

professionals and the public with 

comprehensive information on devices, importers, and distributors registered

in the EU;

•

strengthens rules for the assessment of certain high-risk devices, such

as implants, which may have to 

undergo an additional check by experts before they are placed on the market; and 

•

contains specific provisions in the event of interruption or discontinuation

of supply of a device.

The EU MDR imposes strict requirements for the confirmation that a

product meets the regulatory requirements, 

including regarding a product’s clinical evaluation and a company’s quality systems, and for the distribution, 

marketing and sale of medical devices, including post-market surveillance.

Pursuant to Regulation 2023/607 and 

subject to certain conditions, medical devices that (i) obtained

a certificate under the EU Medical Device Directive 

from May 25, 2017, (ii) which was still valid on May 26, 2021, and (iii)

has not been subsequently withdrawn may 

continue to be placed on the market or put into service until December

31, 2027 for higher risk devices or 

December 31, 2028 for medium and lower risk devices. The modifications

created by the EU MDR may have an 

impact on the way we design and manufacture products and the way we

conduct our business in the EEA. 

If we fail to comply with laws and regulations relating to health care

fraud or other laws and regulations, we 

could suffer penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations,

which could materially 

adversely affect our business.

Certain of our businesses are subject to federal and state (and similar

foreign) health care fraud and abuse, referral 

and reimbursement laws and regulations with respect to their operations.

Some of these laws, referred to as “false 

claims laws,” prohibit the submission or causing the submission of false or

fraudulent claims for reimbursement to 

federal, state and other health care payers and programs.

Other laws, referred to as “anti-kickback laws,” prohibit 

soliciting, offering, receiving or paying remuneration in order to induce or reward

the referral of a patient or 

ordering, purchasing, leasing or arranging for, or recommending ordering, purchasing or leasing

of, items or 

services that are paid for by federal, state and other health care payers and programs.

Certain additional state and 

federal laws, such as the federal Physician Self-Referral Law (“Stark Law”),

prohibit physicians and other health 

care professionals from referring a patient to an entity with which

the physician (or family member) has a financial 

relationship, for the furnishing of certain designated health services

(for example, durable medical equipment and 

medical supplies), unless an exception applies.

The fraud and abuse laws and regulations have been subject to heightened

enforcement activity over the past few 

years, often as the result of “relators” who serve as whistleblowers by filing

complaints in the name of the United 

States (and if applicable, particular states) under applicable false claims

laws, and who may receive up to 30% of 

total government recoveries.

Penalties under fraud and abuse laws may be severe, including treble damages

and 

substantial civil penalties under the federal False Claims Act, as

well as potential loss of licenses and the ability to 

participate in federal and state health care programs, criminal penalties,

or imposition of a corporate compliance 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

37 

monitor, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Also, these measures may be interpreted or 

applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a

manner that could require us to make changes in our 

operations or incur substantial defense and settlement expenses.

Even unsuccessful challenges by regulatory 

authorities or relators could result in reputational harm and the incurring of

substantial costs.

Most states have 

adopted similar state false claims acts, and these state laws have their

own penalties which may be in addition to 

federal False Claims Act penalties, and other fraud and abuse laws.

The United States government (among others) has expressed concerns

about financial relationships between 

suppliers or manufacturers on the one hand and physicians, dentists

and other health care providers, on the 

other.

As a result, we regularly review and revise our marketing practices

as necessary to facilitate compliance.

Our aspirations, goals and disclosures related to environmental, social

and governance matters and the focus on 

regulators and private litigants among other things on related claims made

by companies and funds expose us to 

numerous risks, including reputational, financial, legal and other risks,

that could have an adverse impact on us.

California has adopted stringent new climate disclosure requirements, as

has the EU.

As of April 4, 2024, the SEC 

has temporarily suspended implementation of its climate disclosure rules.

In the EU, Directive No. 2019/1937 of October 23, 2019, 

on the protection of persons who report breaches of 

Union law,

organizes the legal protection of whistleblowers.

This Directive covers whistleblowers reporting 

breaches of EU laws and regulations and protects a wide range of people

including former employees.

All private 

companies with 50 or more employees are required to create effective internal reporting

channels.

All EU Member 

States have now implemented the Directive. 

We also are subject to the requirements of Directive No. 2022/2464 on corporate sustainability reporting (“CSRD”) 

that became effective on January 5, 2023.

CSRD requires in-scope companies to report on sustainability-related 

information that is material from a financial risk or opportunity perspective

to their business and from an impact 

perspective on the environment or society.

The materiality of sustainability matters is subjective and

may be 

interpreted differently by various stakeholders.

CSRD, its transposition into national EU Member State law, and 

associated guidance are evolving and reporting requirements may change,

which may further increase the costs of 

complying with CSRD.

CSRD has not yet been fully implemented by all EU Member States.

We also are subject to certain United States and foreign laws and regulations concerning the conduct of our foreign 

operations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery

Act, German anti-corruption laws 

and other anti-bribery laws and laws pertaining to the accuracy of our internal

books and records.

Our businesses 

are generally subject to numerous other laws and regulations that

could impact our financial results, including, 

without limitation, securities, antitrust, consumer protection and marketing

laws and regulations. 

In the EU, both active and passive corruption in the private sector are

criminalized.

The EU Council Framework 

Decision 2003/568/JHA of 22 July 2003

on combating corruption in the private sector 

establishes more detailed 

rules on the liability of legal persons and deterrent sanctions.

However, the liability of legal persons is regulated at 

a national level. 

Failure to comply with fraud and abuse laws and regulations, and other

laws and regulations, could result in 

significant civil and criminal penalties and costs, including the loss of

licenses and the ability to participate in 

federal and state health care programs, and could have a material adverse

effect on our business.

We may 

determine to enter into settlements, make payments, agree to consent decrees

or enter into other arrangements to 

resolve such matters.

Intentional or unintentional failure to comply with settlement agreements

or consent decrees 

could materially adversely affect our business. 

While we believe that we are substantially compliant with applicable

laws and regulations, and believe we have 

adequate compliance programs and controls in place to ensure substantial

compliance, we cannot predict whether 

changes in applicable law, or interpretation of laws, or changes in our services or marketing practices in response

to 

changes in applicable law or interpretation of laws, could have a material

adverse effect on our business. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

38 

If we fail to comply with laws and regulations relating to the collection,

storage and processing of sensitive 

personal information or standards in electronic health records or transmissions,

we could be required to make 

significant changes to our products, or incur substantial fines, penalties, or

other liabilities.

Our businesses that involve physician and dental practice management

products, equipment and our specialty home 

medical supplies businesses, and our self-funded employee benefits programs

include information technology (IT) 

systems that store and process personal health, clinical, financial, and

other sensitive information of individuals.

These IT systems may be vulnerable to breakdown, wrongful intrusions, data

breaches and malicious attack, which 

could require us to expend significant resources to eliminate these

problems and address related security concerns, 

and could involve claims against us by private parties and/or governmental agencies. 

We are directly or indirectly subject to numerous and evolving federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations 

that protect the privacy and security of personal information (including

health data), such as HIPAA, CAN-SPAM, 

TCPA, Section 5 of the FTC Act, the CCPA

and various other privacy laws that have or will soon come into

effect.

Laws and regulations relating to privacy and data protection are

continually evolving and subject to potentially 

differing interpretations, including those relating to AI.

These requirements may not be harmonized, may be 

interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction

to another or may conflict with other 

rules or our practices.

In addition, cybersecurity laws such as the federal Cyber Incident

Reporting for Critical 

Infrastructure Act of 2022, proposed Federal Acquisition Regulations and

amendments to SEC reporting 

requirements may require us to provide notifications about cybersecurity

incidents in limited timeframes and before 

investigations are complete.

Our businesses’ failure to comply with these laws and regulations

could expose us to 

breach of contract claims, substantial fines, penalties and other

liabilities and expenses, costs for remediation and 

harm to our reputation.

Evolving laws and regulations in this area could restrict the

ability of our customers to 

obtain, use or disseminate patient information, or could require us

to incur significant additional costs to re-design 

our products to reflect these legal requirements, which could have

a material adverse effect on our operations. 

In addition, the European Parliament and the Council of the EU adopted

the GDPR effective from May 25, 2018, 

which increased privacy rights for Data Subjects, including individuals

who are our customers, suppliers and 

employees.

The GDPR extended the scope of responsibilities for data controllers

and data processors, and 

generally imposes increased requirements and potential penalties on companies,

such as us, that are either 

established in the EU and process personal data of Data Subjects (regardless

the Data Subject location), or that are 

not established in the EU but that offer goods or services to Data Subjects in the EU

or monitor their behavior in the 

EU. Noncompliance can result in penalties of up to the greater of EUR 20

million, or 4% of global company 

revenues (sanction that may be public), and Data Subjects may seek damages.

Member states may individually 

impose additional requirements and penalties regarding certain limited

matters (for which the GDPR left some 

room of flexibility), such as employee personal data.

With respect to the personal data it protects, the GDPR 

requires, among other things, controller accountability, consents from Data Subjects or another acceptable legal 

basis to process the personal data, notification within 72 hours

of a personal data breach where required, data 

integrity and security, and fairness and transparency regarding the storage, use or other processing of the personal 

data.

The GDPR also provides rights to Data Subjects relating notably

to information, access, rectification, erasure 

of the personal data and the right to object to the processing.

Despite Brexit, the UK also has data protection laws 

equivalent to the GDPR).

Switzerland enacted FADP.

Uncertainty about compliance with these data protection 

laws remains, with the possibilities that data protection authorities located

in different EU Member States may 

interpret GDPR differently, or requirements of national laws may vary between the EU Member States, or guidance 

on GDPR and compliance practices may be often updated or otherwise revised.

Any of these events will increase 

the complexity and costs of processing personal data in the European Economic

Area, UK or Switzerland or 

concerning individuals located in these jurisdictions. 

Effective November 1, 2021, China’s PIPL imposes specific rules for processing personal information and specifies 

that the law shall also apply to personal information activities carried

out outside China but for the purpose of 

providing products or services to PRC citizens.

Any non-compliance with these laws and regulations may

subject 

us to fines, orders to rectify or terminate any actions that are deemed

illegal by regulatory authorities, other 

penalties, reputational damage, or legal proceedings against us, which

may affect our business, financial condition 

or results of operations.

The PIPL carries maximum penalties of CNY50 million or

5% of the annual revenue of 

entities that process personal data.

Data protection laws in other countries are also quickly

evolving, with many 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

39 

countries having updated, or are in the process of updating, their

laws to bring them more in line with the model 

created by GDPR. 

In the United States, the CCPA, effective January 1, 2020, establishes a privacy framework for covered businesses 

such as ours by, among other things, creating an expanded definition of personal information, establishing new data 

privacy rights for California residents and creating a new and potentially

severe statutory damages framework for 

violations of the CCPA, as well as potentially severe statutory damages and private a right of action against 

businesses that suffer a data security breach due to their violation of a duty to

implement reasonable security 

procedures and practices. This private right of action may increase the

likelihood of, and risks associated with, data 

breach litigation.

In addition, California voters adopted the CPRA (effective January 1, 2023)

which enhances and 

strengthens regulatory requirements and individual protections that currently

exist under the CCPA.

Other states 

have enacted or are considering enacting similar privacy laws, which may

subject us to additional requirements and 

restrictions that could have an impact on our business.

Comprehensive privacy laws in a number of other states are 

now in effect, and similarly enacted broad laws relating to privacy, data protection, and information security that 

will come into effect later in 2025 and 2026, further complicating our privacy compliance

obligations through the 

introduction of increasingly disparate requirements across the various

U.S. jurisdictions in which we operate.

Additionally, certain other states have enacted specific health data privacy laws and other states are considering 

similar legislation.

Congress is considering legislation that may preempt some or

all of such U.S. state privacy 

laws, but which may also provide a more expansive private right of action

for privacy claims than exists under 

current state laws. 

The evolving complexity of privacy and data security legislation in

the United States may complicate our 

compliance efforts and further increase our risk of regulatory enforcement, penalties

and litigation.

While we 

believe we have substantially compliant programs and controls in place

to comply with privacy laws domestically 

and internationally, our compliance with data privacy and cybersecurity laws is likely to impose additional costs

on 

us, and we cannot predict whether the interpretations of the requirements,

or changes in our practices in response to 

new requirements or interpretations of the requirements, could have a

material adverse effect on our business. 

Further, countries are applying their data and consumer protection laws to AI, particularly generative

AI, and are 

considering and implementing specific legal frameworks with respect

to AI, for example the EU AI Act 2024 

(which as with the GDPR, will have extra-territorial effect).

Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with 

such requirements could have an adverse impact on our business.

Anticipated further evolution of regulations and 

legislation on this topic may substantially increase the penalties

to which we could be subject in the event of any 

non-compliance.

Compliance with these laws is challenging, constantly evolving

and time consuming and federal 

regulators, state attorneys general and plaintiff’s attorneys have been and will

likely continue to be active in this 

space.

We may incur substantial expense in complying with legal obligations to be imposed by new regulations 

and we may be required to make significant changes to our solutions and

expanding business operations, all of 

which may adversely affect our operations. 

We also sell products and services that health care providers, such as physicians and dentists, use to store and 

manage patient medical or dental records.

These customers and we are subject to laws, regulations and

industry 

standards, such as HIPAA and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, which require the protection of 

the privacy and security of those records.

Our products or services may be used as part of these customers’ 

comprehensive data security programs, including in connection with their

efforts to comply with applicable data 

privacy and security laws and contractual requirements.

Perceived or actual security vulnerabilities in our products 

or services, or the perceived or actual failure by us or our customers who

use our products or services to comply 

with applicable legal or contractual data privacy and security requirements,

may not only cause us significant 

reputational harm, but may also lead to claims against us by our customers

and/or governmental agencies and 

involve substantial fines, penalties and other liabilities and expenses

and costs for remediation.

Additionally, under 

the GDPR, health data belong to the category of “sensitive data” and benefit

from specific protection.

Processing 

of such data is generally prohibited, except for specific exceptions. 

Certain of our businesses involve the manufacture and sale of electronic

health record (EHR) systems and other 

products linked to government supported incentive programs, where

the EHR systems must be certified as having 

certain capabilities designated in evolving standards, such as those adopted

by CMS and ONC.

In order to maintain 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

40 

certification of our EHR products, we must satisfy the changing governmental

standards.

If any other EHR systems 

do not meet these standards, yet have been relied upon by health care providers

to receive federal incentive 

payments, we may be exposed to risk, such as under federal health care

fraud and abuse laws, including the False 

Claims Act.

Additionally, effective September 1, 2023, the HHS-OIG issued a final rule implementing civil money 

penalties for information blocking as established by the Cures Act.

OIG incorporated regulations published by 

ONC as the basis for enforcing information blocking penalties.

Each information blocking violation carries a $1 

million penalty.

While we believe we are substantially in compliance with such certifications

and with applicable 

fraud and abuse laws and regulations and that we have adequate compliance

programs and controls in place to 

ensure substantial compliance, we cannot predict whether changes in

applicable law, or interpretation of laws, or 

resulting changes in our compliance programs and controls, could have a

material adverse effect on our business.

Moreover, in order to satisfy our customers and comply with evolving legal requirements, our products

may need to 

incorporate increasingly complex functionality, such as reporting and information blocking.

Although we believe 

we are positioned to accomplish this, the effort may involve increased costs, and

our failure to implement product 

modifications, or otherwise satisfy applicable standards, could have a

material adverse effect on our business. 

Additionally, as electronic medical devices are increasingly connected to each other and to other technology, the 

ability of these connected systems to safely and effectively exchange and use exchanged

information becomes 

increasingly important.

As a medical device manufacturer, we must manage risks including those associated with 

an electronic interface that is incorporated into a medical device. 

Tax legislation could materially adversely affect our financial results and tax liabilities.

We are subject to the tax laws and regulations of the United States federal, state and local governments, as well as 

foreign jurisdictions.

From time to time, various legislative initiatives may be proposed

that could materially 

adversely affect our tax positions.

There can be no assurance that our effective tax rate will not be

materially 

adversely affected by legislation resulting from these initiatives.

In addition, tax laws and regulations are extremely 

complex and subject to varying interpretations.

Although we believe that our historical tax positions are sound and 

consistent with applicable laws, regulations and existing precedent,

there can be no assurance that our tax positions 

will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be

successful in any such challenge. 

We face inherent risk of exposure to product liability, intellectual property infringement and other claims in the 

event that the use of the products we sell results in injury. 

Our business involves a risk of product liability, intellectual property infringement and other claims in the ordinary 

course of business, and from time to time we are named as a defendant

in cases as a result of our distribution of 

products.

Additionally, we own and own interests in companies that manufacture certain dental and medical 

products.

As a result, we could be subject to the potential risk of product liability, intellectual property 

infringement or other claims relating to the manufacture and distribution

of products by those entities.

In addition, 

as our corporate brand business continues to grow, purchasers of such products may increasingly seek recourse 

directly from us, rather than the ultimate product manufacturer, for product-related claims.

Another potential risk 

we face in the distribution of our products is liability resulting from counterfeit

or tainted products infiltrating the 

supply chain.

In addition, some of the products that we transport and sell are

considered hazardous materials.

The 

improper handling of such materials or accidents involving the transportation

of such materials could subject us to 

liability or at least legal action that could harm our reputation.

Customs policies or legislative import restrictions could hinder the Company’s ability to import goods necessary 

to our operations on a timely basis and result in government enforcement

actions and/or sanctions. 

Government-imposed import policies and legislation regulating the

import of goods and prohibiting the use of 

forced labor or human trafficking could result in delays or the inability to import

goods in a timely manner that are 

necessary to our operations, and such policies or legislation could also

result in financial penalties, other sanctions, 

government enforcement actions and reputational harm.

Certain of our suppliers have had their ability to service 

certain markets restricted or negatively impacted because of allegations

of forced labor in their supply chain.

While 

the Company has policies against and seeks to avoid the import of goods

that are manufactured in whole or in part 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

41 

by forced labor or through human trafficking, as a result of legislative and governmental

policy initiatives, we may 

be subject to increasing potential delays, added costs, supply chain disruption

and other restrictions. 

GENERAL RISKS

Our business operations, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition

and liquidity may be negatively 

impacted by the effects of disease outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, or similar wide-spread

public health 

concerns and other natural or man-made disasters, such as terrorism, civil

unrest, fire and extreme weather

.

Our business operations, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition

and liquidity may be negatively 

impacted by the effects of disease outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics, similar wide-spread

public health concerns and 

other natural or man-made disasters, such as terrorism, civil unrest, fire

and extreme weather (“disasters”).

For 

example, as a global health care solutions company, the COVID-19 pandemic and the governmental responses

to it 

had a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results

and cash flows.

The impacts 

and potential impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic included, and could include

as a result of other disasters, 

adverse impacts such as significant volatility in supply, demand and selling prices, interrupted operations of 

industries that use or manufacture the products we distribute for personal

protective equipment (PPE), test kits and 

related products, reduction in peoples’ ability and willingness to be in

public, impact of adapted business practices, 

volatility in the financial markets, and unavailability or impairment

of our manufacturing, distribution, or other 

facilities, or firmwide systems such as our IS.

Our global operations are subject to inherent risks that could materially adversely

affect our business. 

Our global operations are subject to risks that could materially adversely affect our business,

including, among 

other things:

•

difficulties and costs relating to staffing and managing foreign operations; 

•

difficulties and delays inherent in sourcing products, establishing channels of distribution

and contract 

manufacturing in foreign markets; 

•

fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies; 

•

uncertainties relating to trade agreements and international trade relationships;

•

longer payment cycles of foreign customers and difficulty of collecting receivables

in foreign jurisdictions; 

•

repatriation of cash from our foreign operations to the United States; 

•

regulatory requirements, including, without limitation, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and laws pertaining to 

the accuracy of our internal books and records; 

•

litigation risks; 

•

unexpected difficulties in importing or exporting our products and import/export

tariffs, quotas, sanctions 

or penalties; 

•

limitations on our ability under local laws to protect our intellectual

property; 

•

unexpected regulatory, legal, economic and political changes in foreign markets; 

•

changes in tax regulations that influence purchases of capital equipment; 

•

civil disturbances, geopolitical turmoil, including terrorism, war or political

or military coups; and 

•

risks associated with climate change, including physical risks such as

impacts from extreme weather events 

and other potential physical consequences, regulatory and technological

requirements, market 

developments, stakeholder expectations and reputational risk. 

Our future success is substantially dependent upon our senior

management, and our revenues and profitability 

depend on our relationships with capable personnel, as well as

customers, suppliers and manufacturers of the 

products that we distribute. 

Our future success is substantially dependent upon the efforts and abilities of

members of our existing senior 

management, particularly Stanley M. Bergman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.

In November 2022, Mr. 

Bergman’s employment agreement was extended through December 31, 2025.

Although the Company has an 

internal succession plan for its senior leadership team, including Mr. Bergman, the loss of the services of Mr. 

Bergman could have a material adverse effect on our business.

We do not currently have “key man” life insurance 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

42 

policies on any of our employees.

Competition for senior management is intense, burnout and turn-over rates

are 

increasing workplace concerns, and we may not be successful in

attracting and retaining key personnel.

Additionally, our future revenues and profitability depend on our ability to maintain satisfactory relationships with 

qualified personnel, as well as customers, suppliers and manufacturers.

If we fail to maintain our existing 

relationships with such persons or fail to acquire relationships with such key

persons in the future, our business may 

be materially adversely affected. 

Disruptions in the financial markets may materially adversely

affect the availability and cost of credit to us. 

Our ability to make scheduled payments or refinance our obligations with

respect to indebtedness will depend on 

our operating and financial performance, which in turn is subject to prevailing

economic conditions and financial, 

business and other factors beyond our control.

Disruptions in the financial markets may materially adversely affect 

the availability and cost of credit to us. 

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments

We have no unresolved comments from the staff of the SEC that were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of 

our 2024 fiscal year.

Item 1C.

Cybersecurity

We rely on information systems in our business to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, manage and store customer, 

product, supplier and employee data to, among other things: maintain

and manage multiple information systems 

worldwide to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of

inventory items from numerous distribution 

centers; receive, process and ship orders on a timely basis; manage the

accurate billing and collections for 

thousands of customers; process payments to suppliers and vendors; provide

products and services that maintain 

certain of our customers’ electronic medical or dental records (including

protected health information of their 

patients) and maintain and manage global human resources, compensation

and payroll systems.

For these purposes, 

we define “information systems” in a manner consistent with the definition

contained in the rules adopted by the 

SEC to mean “electronic information resources, owned or used by the

registrant, including physical or virtual 

infrastructure controlled by such information resources, or components thereof,

organized for the collection, 

processing, maintenance, use, sharing, dissemination, or disposition

of the registrant's information to maintain or 

support the registrant's operations.”

Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy

We have developed and implemented a cybersecurity risk mitigation strategy intended to protect our information 

systems.

Our cybersecurity risk mitigation strategy is designed

so that the Company’s cybersecurity program is 

aligned with generally accepted cybersecurity standards and frameworks,

in particular the NIST Cybersecurity 

Framework, or “NIST CSF,” and our Company is externally audited, or certified, with ISO27001 partial scope.

We maintain an Office of Cybersecurity (“OCS”), led by our Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”), which 

oversees

the operations of our cyber risk mitigation strategy.

The OCS is a cross-functional, enterprise-wide 

management team, which continuously evaluates our global cybersecurity

program’s effectiveness and is focused 

on maintaining and protecting our information systems.

In overseeing the operations of our cyber risk mitigation 

strategy, the OCS partners with our Global Technology Solutions team, which is led by our Chief Technology 

Officer (“CTO”) and is comprised of over one hundred professionals that support our information

systems and 

operations.

Our cyber risk mitigation strategy includes 

monitoring

for and addressing risks that materialize within 

the Company’s information systems, as well as at our 

third-party

vendors, suppliers and other third-party business 

partners.

Our CISO reports to our CTO.

Our CTO,

who also serves as Senior Vice President,

has more than 30 years of 

experience leading large-scale global IT organizations and received a Bachelor of Business Administration

in 

Business Computer Information Systems and a Master of Business Administration

from Hofstra University.

See 

also 

Item 1. Business, Other Executive Management

.

Our Vice President, Global CISO, who also serves as Vice 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

43 

President and Head of the Office of Cyber Security, has over 30 years of experience leading global cybersecurity 

and technology programs in large and complex corporations, and holds a Certified

Information Systems Security 

Professional and a Certified Information Systems Auditor certification.

He also received a BS, Information 

Technology and Security from Baker College.

The cybersecurity risk mitigation strategy is also overseen by

senior 

managers who are members of our Executive Steering Committee, comprised

of the Company’s most senior 

technology, legal and internal auditing officers.

Our CEO is regularly briefed on issues, incidents, and 

developments, and our Board oversees our risk mitigation strategy principally

through its Audit Committee and 

Regulatory, Compliance and Cybersecurity Committee, as described in more detail below.

Our cybersecurity risk management program includes, among other

elements: 

•

risk assessments designed to help identify material cybersecurity risks

to our information systems;

•

a security team principally responsible for managing our (i) cybersecurity

risk assessment processes, and 

(ii) defining cybersecurity control standards; 

•

the use of expert external service providers to assess, test or otherwise assist

with aspects of our 

cybersecurity controls, and to respond to specific cybersecurity threats;

•

the review and assessment of past cybersecurity incidents with a view to

learning from those events to 

further strengthen our cyber risk mitigation strategy;

•

a written cybersecurity incident response plan that includes procedures

for responding to cybersecurity 

incidents; and 

•

a Global Information Security Policy, together with more detailed information security policies, 

procedures, standards, and guidelines.

In addition, all employees with systems access are required to participate

in mandatory annual cybersecurity and 

anti-phishing courses, along with compliance programs.

Our employees who perform financial gatekeeper roles 

also receive additional mandatory annual data security training specific

to spoofing, phishing and similar data 

security threats.

Per written Company policies, employees are also required

to safeguard confidential information.

Our cybersecurity risk strategy is integrated into our overall enterprise

risk management program, and our 

cybersecurity team is supported by and connected with the enterprise risk

management team.

Prior Cyber Incidents

In addition to immaterial and unrelated prior incidents at certain of

our subsidiaries, in October 2023 Henry Schein 

experienced a cyber incident that primarily affected the operations of our North American

and European dental and 

medical distribution businesses.

Henry Schein One, our practice management software, revenue cycle

management 

and patient relationship management solutions business was not affected, and

our manufacturing businesses were 

mostly unaffected.

The October 2023 cyber incident disrupted key business operations,

adversely impacted our 

financial results for the fourth quarter and full year 2023, diverted

attention of management, and caused the 

Company to incur significant remediation costs.

The incident had residual impact on our financial results in 2024.

Cybersecurity Governance

Our Board has a Regulatory, Compliance and Cybersecurity Committee that focuses on cybersecurity oversight, 

together with other board committees, principally the Audit Committee.

The purpose of the Regulatory, 

Compliance and Cybersecurity Committee is to assist the Board by providing

guidance to, and oversight of, the 

Company’s senior management responsible for assessing and managing Company-wide regulatory, corporate 

compliance and cybersecurity risk management programs.

The primary responsibilities of the Regulatory, 

Compliance and Cybersecurity Committee are to (i) discuss cybersecurity

strategic decisions, issues, challenges and 

opportunities relating thereto, (ii) provide expertise to guide assessment

and monitoring of Company-wide 

regulatory, corporate compliance and cybersecurity risk management budgeting, spending and capital investment, 

(iii) monitor progress and status of the Company’s regulatory, corporate compliance and cybersecurity risk 

management programs, (iv) review and evaluate major regulatory, corporate compliance and cybersecurity risk 

management initiatives to identify emerging and future opportunities for synergy or to

leverage regulatory, 

corporate compliance and cybersecurity risk management investments

more effectively and cost efficiently, 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

44 

(v) report to the Audit Committee on regulatory, corporate compliance and cybersecurity risk management matters 

reviewed by the Regulatory, Compliance and Cybersecurity Committee that may impact the Company’s financial 

reporting and (vi) be generally available to, and communicate with,

the Company’s senior management, and to 

inform the Board in the areas described above.

Our CISO and CTO, along with other key executives who are part of our Executive

Steering Committee, review 

strategy, policy,

program effectiveness, standards, enforcement and cybersecurity issue management

with the 

Board’s Regulatory,

Compliance and Cybersecurity Committee on at least a quarterly basis and

with the Audit 

Committee on at least a bi-annual basis.

Our CTO 

meets

with Board members outside of the formal meetings on a 

regular basis as well as in connection with specific cybersecurity issues or

threats.

ITEM 2.

Properties 

Within our Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services and Global Specialty Products segments (for properties 

with more than 100,000 square feet) we lease and/or own approximately

5.1 million square feet of properties, 

consisting of distribution, office, showroom, manufacturing and sales space, in locations

including the United 

States, Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China,

the Czech Republic, France, Germany, 

Hong Kong SAR, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Mexico, Morocco, the Netherlands, New 

Zealand, Peru, Poland, Portugal, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland,

Thailand,

United Arab Emirates and 

the United Kingdom.

Lease expirations range from 2025 to 2041. 

We believe that our properties are in good condition, are well maintained and are suitable and adequate to carry on 

our business.

We have additional operating capacity at certain distribution center facilities. 

ITEM 3.

Legal Proceedings

For a discussion of Legal Proceedings, see 

Note 17 – Commitments and Contingencies

of the Notes to the 

Consolidated Financial Statements included under Item 8. 

ITEM 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

45 

PART

II 

ITEM 5.

Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of 

Equity Securities 

Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market tier of

the Nasdaq Stock Market, or Nasdaq, 

under the symbol HSIC. 

On February 18, 2025, there were approximately 108,000 holders

of record of our common stock and the last 

reported sales price was $77.63.

A substantially greater number of holders of our common stock are “street

name” 

or beneficial holders, whose shares are held by banks, brokers and other financial

institutions. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer 

Our share repurchase program, announced on March 3, 2003, originally

allowed us to repurchase up to two million 

shares pre-stock splits (eight million shares post-stock splits) of our common

stock, which represented 

approximately 2.3% of the shares outstanding at the commencement

of the program.

Subsequent additional 

increases totaling $5.9 billion, authorized by our Board, to the repurchase

program provide for a total of $6.0 billion 

(including $500 million authorized on January 27, 2025) of shares of our

common stock to be repurchased under 

this program.

Subject to market conditions and other factors, we plan to

continue to accelerate our share repurchase 

activity. 

As of December 28, 2024,

we had repurchased approximately $5.1 billion of common stock (95,814,454

shares) 

under these initiatives, with $380 million available for future common stock

share repurchases. 

The following table summarizes repurchases of our common stock

under our stock repurchase program during the 

fiscal quarter ended December 28, 2024: 

Total Number 

Maximum Number 

Total 

of Shares 

of Shares 

Number 

Average 

Purchased as Part 

that May Yet 

of Shares 

Price Paid 

of Our Publicly 

Be Purchased Under 

Fiscal Month 

Purchased (1) 

Per Share 

Announced Program 

Our Program (2) 

9/29/2024 through 11/2/2024 

564,907 

$ 

70.93 

564,907 

5,895,367 

11/3/2024 through 11/30/2024 

441,702 

71.32 

441,702 

4,975,402 

12/1/2024 through 12/28/2024 

44,530 

77.02 

44,530 

5,395,131 

1,051,139 

1,051,139 

(1) 

All repurchases were executed in the open market under our existing publicly announced authorized program. 

(2) 

The maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under this program is determined at the end of each month based on the 

closing price of our common stock at that time.

This table excludes shares withheld from employees to satisfy minimum tax 

withholding requirements for equity-based transactions. 

Dividend Policy 

We have not declared any cash or stock dividends on our common stock during fiscal years 2024 or 2023.

We 

currently do not anticipate declaring any cash or stock dividends on our common

stock in the foreseeable future.

We intend to retain earnings to finance the expansion of our business and for general corporate purposes, including 

our share repurchase program.

Any declaration of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and

will depend 

upon the earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, level

of indebtedness, contractual restrictions with 

respect to payment of dividends and other factors. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

46 

$50

$100

$150

$200

$250

$300

December 2019

December 2020

December 2021

December 2022

December 2023

December 2024

Henry Schein, Inc.

Dow Jones US Health Care Index

NASDAQ Composite Index

Stock Performance Graph 

The graph below compares the cumulative total stockholder return

on $100 invested, assuming the reinvestment of 

all dividends, on December 28, 2019, the last trading day before the

beginning of our 2020 fiscal year, through the 

end of our 2024 fiscal year with the cumulative total return on $100

invested for the same period in the Dow Jones 

U.S. Health Care Index and the Nasdaq Stock Market Composite Index. 

COMPARISON OF 5-YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL

RETURN 

ASSUMES $100 INVESTED ON DECEMBER 28, 2019 

ASSUMES DIVIDENDS REINVESTED 

December 28, 

December 26, 

December 25, 

December 31, 

December 30, 

December 28, 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

2023 

2024 

Henry Schein, Inc.

$ 

100.00 

$ 

98.86 

$ 

112.51 

$ 

119.92 

$ 

113.66 

$ 

105.70 

Dow Jones U.S. Health 

Care Index

100.00 

114.06 

141.78 

136.42 

138.99 

143.91 

NASDAQ Stock Market 

Composite Index

100.00 

143.44 

176.49 

119.01 

172.14 

227.78 

ITEM 6. 

[Reserved] 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

47 

ITEM 7.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of

Operations 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

In accordance with the “Safe Harbor” provisions of the Private Securities

Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we 

provide the following cautionary remarks regarding important factors

that, among others, could cause future results 

to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, expectations and assumptions

expressed or implied herein.

All forward-looking statements made by us are subject to risks and uncertainties

and are not guarantees of future 

performance.

These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown

risks, uncertainties and other factors 

that may cause our actual results, performance and achievements

or industry results to be materially different from 

any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied

by such forward-looking statements.

These 

statements are generally identified by the use of such terms as “may,” “could,” “expect,” “intend,” “believe,” 

“plan,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “project,” “anticipate,” “to be,” “to

make” or other comparable terms. Factors that 

could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to,

those discussed in this Annual Report 

on Form 10-K, and in particular the risks discussed under the caption

“Risk Factors” in Item 1A of this report and 

those that may be discussed in other documents we file with

the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). 

Risk factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from current

and historical results 

include, but are not limited to: our dependence on third parties for

the manufacture and supply of our products and 

where we manufacture products, our dependence on third parties

for raw materials or purchased components; risks 

relating to the achievement of our strategic growth objectives; risks

related to the recently signed Strategic 

Partnership Agreement; our ability to develop or acquire and maintain

and protect new products (particularly 

technology products) and services and utilize new technologies

that achieve market acceptance with acceptable 

margins; transitional challenges associated with acquisitions, dispositions and joint ventures,

including the failure to 

achieve anticipated synergies/benefits, as well as significant demands on our operations,

information systems, legal, 

regulatory, compliance, financial and human resources functions in connection with acquisitions, dispositions and 

joint ventures; certain provisions in our governing documents that may discourage

third-party acquisitions of us; 

adverse changes in supplier rebates or other purchasing incentives;

risks related to the sale of corporate brand 

products; risks related to activist investors; security risks associated with our

information systems and technology 

products and services, such as cyberattacks or other privacy or data security

breaches (including the October 2023 

incident); effects of a highly competitive (including, without limitation, competition

from third-party online 

commerce sites) and consolidating market; changes in the health care

industry; risks from expansion of customer 

purchasing power and multi-tiered costing structures; increases in shipping costs

for our products or other service 

issues with our third-party shippers, and increases in fuel and energy costs; changes

in laws and policies governing 

manufacturing, development and investment in territories and countries

where we do business; general global and 

domestic macro-economic and political conditions, including inflation,

deflation, recession, unemployment (and 

corresponding increase in under-insured populations), consumer confidence,

sovereign debt levels, ongoing wars, 

fluctuations in energy pricing and the value of the U.S. dollar as compared to

foreign currencies, and changes to 

other economic indicators, international trade agreements; the threat

or outbreak of war, terrorism or public unrest 

(including, without limitation, the war in Ukraine, the Israel-Gaza war and other

unrest and threats in the Middle 

East and the possibility of a wider European or global conflict); changes

to laws and policies governing foreign 

trade, tariffs and sanctions, or greater restrictions on imports and exports; supply

chain disruption; geopolitical 

wars; failure to comply with existing and future regulatory requirements,

including relating to health care; risks 

associated with the EU Medical Device Regulation; failure to comply

with laws and regulations relating to health 

care fraud or other laws and regulations; failure to comply with laws

and regulations relating to the collection, 

storage and processing of sensitive personal information or standards in electronic

health records or transmissions; 

changes in tax legislation, changes in tax rates and availability of certain tax

deductions; risks related to product 

liability, intellectual property and other claims; risks associated with customs policies or legislative import 

restrictions; risks associated with disease outbreaks, epidemics, pandemics

(such as the COVID-19 pandemic), or 

similar wide-spread public health concerns and other natural or

man-made disasters; risks associated with our 

global operations; litigation risks; new or unanticipated litigation developments

and the status of litigation matters; 

our dependence on our senior management, employee hiring and retention,

increases in labor costs or health care 

costs, and our relationships with customers, suppliers and manufacturers;

and disruptions in financial markets. The 

order in which these factors appear should not be construed to indicate their

relative importance or priority. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

48 

We caution that these factors may not be exhaustive and that many of these factors are beyond our ability to control 

or predict.

Accordingly, any forward-looking statements contained herein should not be relied upon as a prediction 

of actual results.

We undertake no duty and have no obligation to update forward-looking statements except as 

required by law. 

Where You

Can Find Important Information 

We may disclose important information through one or more of the following channels: SEC filings, public 

conference calls and webcasts, press releases, the investor relations

page of our website (www.henryschein.com) 

and the social media channels identified on the About Media Center page of

our website. 

Recent Developments 

While the U.S. economy has experienced inflationary pressures and

strengthening of the U.S. dollar, their impacts 

have not been material to our results of operations.

Though inflation impacts both our revenues and costs, the depth 

and breadth of our product portfolio often allows us to offer lower-cost national brand solutions

or corporate brand 

alternatives to our more price-sensitive customers who are unwilling to

absorb price increases, thus positioning us 

to protect our gross profit. 

Segment Reporting

During the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 28, 2024,

we revised our reportable segments to align 

with how the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer manages the business, assesses

performance and allocates 

resources.

Our revised reportable segments now consist of: (i) Global Distribution

and Value

-Added Services; (ii) 

Global Specialty Products; and (iii) Global Technology. 

Global Distribution and Value-Added Services includes distribution to the global dental and medical markets of 

national brand and corporate brand merchandise, as well as equipment and related

technical services.

This segment 

also includes value-added services such as financial services, continuing

education services, consulting and other 

services.

This segment also markets and sells under our own corporate brand,

a portfolio of cost-effective, high-

quality consumable merchandise.

Global Specialty Products includes manufacturing, marketing and sales

of dental 

implant and biomaterial products; and endodontic, orthodontic and orthopedic

products and other health care-

related products and services.

Global Technology includes development and distribution of practice management 

software, e-services, and other products, which are distributed to health

care providers. 

Cyber Incident 

In October 2023 Henry Schein experienced a cyber incident that primarily

affected the operations of our North 

American and European dental and medical distribution businesses.

Henry Schein One, our practice management 

software, revenue cycle management and patient relationship management

solutions business, was not affected, and 

our manufacturing businesses were mostly unaffected.

On November 22, 2023, we experienced a disruption of our 

ecommerce platform and related applications, which was remediated. 

During the year ended December 28, 2024, we had a sales decrease

in our dental and medical distribution 

businesses, which we believe was primarily a result of lower sales to episodic

customers following last year’s cyber 

incident.

We have a number of programs underway focused on re-establishing these customers. 

During the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, we

incurred $9 million and $11 million of 

expenses directly related to the cyber incident, mostly consisting of professional

fees.

We maintain cyber 

insurance, subject to certain retentions and policy limitations.

With respect to the October 2023 cyber incident, we 

have a $60 million insurance policy, following a $5 million retention.

During the year ended December 28, 2024, 

we submitted a claim under this policy for $60 million and received

insurance proceeds of $40 million, with the 

remaining $20 million of the claim being under review by our insurance

providers.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

49 

Executive-Level Overview

Henry Schein, Inc. is a solutions company for health care professionals powered

by a network of people and 

technology.

We 

believe we are the world’s largest provider of health care products and services primarily to office-

based dental and medical practitioners, as well as alternate sites of care.

We 

serve more than one million customers 

worldwide including dental practitioners, laboratories, physician practices and

ambulatory surgery centers, as well 

as government, institutional health care clinics and other alternate care clinics.

We 

believe that we have a strong 

brand identity due to our more than 93 years of experience distributing health

care products. 

We 

are headquartered in Melville, New York, employ approximately 25,000 people (of which approximately 

13,000 are based outside of the United States) and have operations or affiliates in 33 countries

and territories.

Our 

broad global footprint has evolved over time through our organic growth as well

as through contribution from 

strategic acquisitions. 

We 

have established strategically located distribution centers around

the world to enable us to better serve our 

customers and increase our operating efficiency.

This infrastructure, together with broad product and service 

offerings at competitive prices, and a strong commitment to customer service, enables

us to be a single source of 

supply for our customers’ needs. 

While our primary go-to-market strategy is in our capacity as a distributor, we also market and sell our own 

corporate brand portfolio of cost-effective, high-quality consumable merchandise products.

We 

also manufacture, 

source and sell a range of company-owned manufactured products, primarily implants,

biomaterial products, 

endodontics, handpiece and small equipment, hand instrument and repair, restoratives, orthodontics, wound

care, 

orthopedics and dental lab products.

We 

have achieved scale in these global businesses primarily through 

acquisitions, as manufacturers of these products typically do not utilize

a distribution channel to serve customers. 

During the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 28, 2024, we

revised our reportable segments to align 

with how the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer manages the business, assesses performance

and allocates 

resources.

Our revised reportable segments now consist of: (i) Global Distribution

and Value

-Added Services; (ii) 

Global Specialty Products; and (iii) Global Technology. 

Global Distribution and Value-Added Services includes distribution to the global dental and medical markets of 

national brand and corporate brand merchandise, as well as equipment and related

technical services.

This segment 

also includes value-added services such as financial services, continuing education

services, consulting and other 

services.

This segment also markets and sells under our own corporate brand,

a portfolio of cost-effective, high-

quality consumable merchandise.

Global Specialty Products includes manufacturing, marketing and sales

of dental 

implant and biomaterial products; and endodontic, orthodontic and orthopedic

products and other health care-

related products and services.

Global Technology includes development and distribution of practice management 

software, e-services, and other products, which are distributed to health

care providers. 

A key element to grow closer to our customers is our One Schein initiative, which

is a unified go-to-market 

approach that enables practitioners to work synergistically with our supply chain,

equipment sales and service and 

other value-added services, allowing our customers to leverage the

combined value that we offer through a single 

program.

Specifically, One Schein provides customers with streamlined access to our comprehensive offering of 

national brand products, our corporate brand products and proprietary specialty

products and solutions (including 

implant, orthodontic and endodontic products).

In addition, customers have access to a wide range of services, 

including software and other value-added services.

Industry Overview

In recent years, the health care industry has increasingly focused on cost containment.

This trend has benefited 

distributors capable of providing a broad array of products and services at low

prices.

It also has accelerated the 

growth of DSOs, GPOs, HMOs, group practices, other managed care

accounts and collective buying groups, which, 

in addition to their emphasis on obtaining products at competitive prices,

tend to favor distributors capable of 

providing specialized management information support.

We 

believe that the trend towards cost containment has 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

50 

the potential to favorably affect demand for technology solutions, including software,

which can enhance the 

efficiency and facilitation of practice management. 

Our operating results in recent years have been significantly affected by strategies

and transactions that we 

undertook to expand our business, domestically and internationally, in part to address significant changes in the 

health care industry, including consolidation of health care distribution companies, health care reform, trends 

toward managed care, cuts in Medicare and collective purchasing arrangements. 

Industry Consolidation

The health care products distribution industry, as it relates to office-based health care practitioners, is fragmented 

and diverse.

The industry ranges from sole practitioners working out of

relatively small offices to group practices 

or service organizations ranging in size from a few practitioners to a large number of practitioners who have 

combined or otherwise associated their practices. 

Due in part to the inability of office-based health care practitioners to store and manage

large quantities of supplies 

in their offices, the distribution of health care supplies and small equipment to office-based health

care practitioners 

has been characterized by frequent, small quantity orders, and a need for rapid,

reliable and substantially complete 

order fulfillment.

The purchasing decisions within an office-based health care practice are typically

made by the 

practitioner or an administrative assistant.

Supplies and small equipment are generally purchased from more

than 

one distributor, with one generally serving as the primary supplier. 

The trend of consolidation extends to our customer base.

Health care practitioners are increasingly seeking to 

partner, affiliate or combine with larger entities such as hospitals, health systems, group practices or physician 

hospital organizations.

In many cases, purchasing decisions for consolidated groups

are made at a centralized or 

professional staff level; however, orders are delivered to the practitioners’ offices. 

We 

believe that consolidation within the industry will continue to

result in a number of distributors, particularly 

those with limited financial, operating and marketing resources, seeking to

combine with larger companies that can 

provide growth opportunities.

This consolidation also may continue to result in distributors seeking

to acquire 

companies that can enhance their current product and service offerings or provide

opportunities to serve a broader 

customer base. 

Our approach to acquisitions and joint ventures has been to expand our role as

a provider of products and services 

to the health care industry.

This trend has resulted in our expansion into service areas that complement

our existing 

operations and provide opportunities for us to develop synergies with, and thus strengthen, the acquired

businesses. 

As industry consolidation continues, we believe that we are positioned to

capitalize on this trend, as we believe we 

have the ability to support increased sales through our existing infrastructure, although

there can be no assurances 

that we will be able to successfully accomplish this.

We 

are focused on building relationships with decision makers 

who do not reside in the office-based practitioner setting. 

As the health care industry continues to change, we continually evaluate possible

candidates for joint venture or 

acquisition and intend to continue to seek opportunities to expand our

role as a provider of products and services to 

the health care industry.

There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully pursue

any such 

opportunity or consummate any such transaction, if pursued.

If additional transactions are entered into or 

consummated, we would incur merger and/or acquisition-related costs, and there

can be no assurance that the 

integration efforts associated with any such transaction would be successful. 

Aging Population and Other Market Influences

The health care products distribution industry continues to experience growth

due to the aging population, 

increased health care awareness, the proliferation of medical technology

and testing, new pharmacological 

treatments, and expanded third-party insurance coverage, partially offset by the effects of unemployment

on 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

51 

insurance coverage.

In addition, the physician market continues to benefit from the

shift of procedures and 

diagnostic testing from acute care settings to alternate-care sites, particularly

physicians’ offices. 

According to the U.S. Census Bureau’s International Database, between 2024 and 2034, the 45 and older 

population is expected to grow by approximately 10%.

Between 2024 and 2044, this age group is expected to grow 

by approximately 18%.

This compares with expected total U.S. population growth

rates of approximately 4% 

between 2024 and 2034 and approximately 6% between 2024 and 2044.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau’s International Database, in 2024 there are approximately seven million 

Americans aged 85 years or older, the segment of the population most in need of long-term care

and elder-care 

services.

By the year 2050, that number is projected to increase to approximately

17 million.

The population aged 

65 to 84 years is projected to increase by approximately 18% during

the same period. 

As a result of these market dynamics, annual expenditures for health care services

continue to increase in the 

United States.

We 

believe that demand for our products and services will grow while

continuing to be impacted by 

current and future operating, economic, and industry conditions.

The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services 

or CMS published “National Health Expenditure Data” indicating that

total national health care spending reached 

approximately $4.9 trillion in 2023, or 17.6% of the nation’s gross domestic product, the benchmark measure

for 

annual production of goods and services in the United States.

Health care spending is projected to reach 

approximately $7.7 trillion by 2032, or 19.7% of the nation’s projected gross domestic product. 

Government

Our businesses are generally subject to numerous laws and regulations that could

impact our financial performance, 

and failure to comply with such laws or regulations could have a material adverse

effect on our business.

See “

Item 

1\. Business – Governmental Regulations

” for a discussion of laws, regulations and governmental activity

that may 

affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

52 

Results of Operations 

The following tables summarize the significant components of our operating

results and cash flows for each of the 

three years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023, and December

31, 2022 (in millions): 

Years

Ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Operating results: 

Net sales 

$ 

12,673 

$ 

12,339 

$ 

12,647 

Cost of sales 

8,657 

8,479 

8,816 

Gross profit

4,016 

3,860 

3,831 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative

3,034 

2,956 

2,771 

Depreciation and amortization 

251 

209 

182 

Restructuring and integration costs 

110 

80 

131 

Operating income 

$ 

621 

$ 

615 

$ 

747 

Other expense, net

$ 

(108) 

$ 

(73) 

$ 

(26) 

Income taxes 

(128) 

(120) 

(170) 

Net income 

398 

436 

566 

Net income attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. 

390 

416 

538 

Years

Ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Cash flows:

Net cash provided by operating activities 

$ 

848 

$ 

500 

$ 

602 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(430) 

(1,135) 

(276) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(510) 

701 

(315) 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

53 

Plans of Restructuring and Integration Costs

On August 6, 2024, we committed to a new restructuring plan (the “2024

Plan”) to integrate recent acquisitions, 

right-size operations and further increase efficiencies.

During the year ended December 28, 2024, we recorded 

restructuring charges associated with the 2024 Plan of $73 million, which primarily

related to severance and 

employee-related costs, accelerated amortization of right-of-use

lease assets and fixed assets, impairment of 

intangible assets related to the disposal of a portion of a business

and other exit costs.

We expect to record 

restructuring charges associated with the 2024 Plan in 2025; however an estimate

of the amount of these charges 

has not yet been determined. 

During the year ended December 28, 2024, in connection with the 2024 Plan,

we recorded an impairment of 

goodwill and intangible assets of $13 million related to the disposal of a portion

of a business.

This impairment is 

included in the $73 million of restructuring charges discussed above and related

to the Global Specialty Products 

segment. 

On August 1, 2022, we committed to a restructuring plan (the “2022

Plan”) focused on funding the priorities of the 

BOLD+1 strategic plan, streamlining operations and other initiatives to

increase efficiency.

The 2022 Plan has 

been completed as of July 31, 2024.

During the years ended December 28, 2024, December

30, 2023, and 

December 31, 2022, in connection with our 2022 Plan, we recorded restructuring

costs of $37 million, $80 million, 

and $128 million, respectively.

The restructuring costs for these periods primarily related to

severance and 

employee-related costs, accelerated amortization of right-of-use

lease assets and fixed assets, impairment of 

intangible assets related to disposal of a U.S. business,

and other exit costs.

During the year ended December 30, 2023, in connection with the 2022 Plan,

we recorded an impairment of an 

intangible asset of $12 million related to disposal of a U.S. business.

This impairment is included in the $80 

million of restructuring costs discussed above and related to the Global Specialty

Products segment.

The disposal 

was completed during the first quarter of 2024.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, in connection with the 2022 Plan,

we vacated one of the buildings at our 

corporate headquarters in Melville, New York, which resulted in an accelerated amortization of a right-of-use lease 

asset of $34 million.

We also initiated the disposal of a non-profitable U.S. business within the Global Specialty 

Products segment and recorded related costs of $49 million, which primarily

consisted of impairment of intangible 

assets and goodwill, inventory impairment, and severance and employee-related

costs, which are included in the 

Global Specialty Products segment.

These costs are included in the $128 million of restructuring

charges discussed 

above.

The disposal was completed during the first quarter of 2023.

On August 26, 2022, we acquired Midway Dental Supply.

In connection with this acquisition, during the year 

ended December 31, 2022, we recorded integration costs of $3 million

related to one-time employee and other 

costs, as well as restructuring charges of $9 million, which are included in the

$128 million of restructuring charges 

discussed above.

The integration and restructuring costs related to Midway Dental

Supply are recorded in the 

Global Distribution and Value-Added Services segment. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

54 

2024 Compared to 2023 

Note: Percentages for Net Sales; Gross Profit; Operating Expenses; Other

Expense, Net; and Income Taxes are 

based on actual values and may not recalculate due to rounding. 

During the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 28, 2024,

we revised our reportable segments to align 

with how the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer manages the business, assesses

performance and allocates 

resources.

Our revised reportable segments now consist of: (i) Global Distribution

and Value

-Added Services; (ii) 

Global Specialty Products; and (iii) Global Technology.

All prior comparative segment information has been recast 

to reflect our new segment structure.

Net Sales 

Net sales by reportable segment and by major product or service type were

as follows: 

% of 

% of 

Increase / (Decrease) 

2024 

Total 

2023 

Total 

$ 

% 

Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services 

Global Dental merchandise 

(1)

$ 

4,727 

37.3 

% 

$ 

4,787 

38.8 

% 

$ 

(60) 

(1.3) 

% 

Global Dental equipment 

(2)

1,719 

13.6 

1,671 

13.5 

48 

2.9 

Global Value

-added services 

(3)

233 

1.8 

191 

1.6 

42 

21.5 

Global Dental 

6,679 

52.7 

6,649 

53.9 

30 

0.4 

Global Medical 

(4)

4,081 

32.2 

3,912 

31.7 

169 

4.3 

Total Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services 

10,760 

84.9 

10,561 

85.6 

199 

1.9 

Global Specialty Products 

(5)

1,446 

11.4 

1,331 

10.8 

115 

8.7 

Global Technology 

(6)

630 

5.0 

602 

4.9 

28 

4.7 

Eliminations 

(163) 

(1.3) 

(155) 

(1.3) 

(8) 

n/a 

Total

$ 

12,673 

100.0 

$ 

12,339 

100.0 

$ 

334 

2.7 

(1)

Includes infection-control products, handpieces, preventatives, impression materials, composites, anesthetics, teeth, dental 

implants, gypsum, acrylics, articulators, abrasives, PPE products,

and our own corporate brand of consumable merchandise. 

(2)

Includes dental chairs, delivery units and lights, digital dental laboratories, X-ray supplies and equipment, equipment repair and 

high-tech and digital restoration equipment. 

(3)

Consists of financial services on a non-recourse basis, continuing education services for practitioners, consulting and other services. 

(4)

Includes branded and generic pharmaceuticals, vaccines, surgical products, diagnostic tests, infection-control products, X-ray 

products, equipment, PPE products and vitamins. 

(5)

Includes manufacturing, marketing and sales of dental implant and biomaterial products; and endodontic, orthodontic and 

orthopedic products and other health care-related products and services. 

(6)

Consists of practice management software, e-services, and other products, which are distributed to health care providers. 

The components of our sales growth/(decline) were as follows: 

Local Currency Growth/(Decline) 

Total Local 

Currency 

Growth/(Decline) 

Foreign 

Exchange 

Impact 

Total Sales 

Growth/(Decline) 

Local Internal 

Growth 

Acquisition 

Growth 

Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services 

Global Dental Merchandise 

(1.2) 

% 

0.2 

% 

(1.0) 

% 

(0.3) 

% 

(1.3) 

% 

Global Dental Equipment 

2.7 

0.3 

3.0 

(0.1) 

2.9 

Global Value

-added services 

0.4 

21.4 

21.8 

(0.3) 

21.5 

Global Dental 

(0.2) 

0.9 

0.7 

(0.3) 

0.4 

Global Medical 

(1.2) 

5.5 

4.3 

\- 

4.3 

Total Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services 

(0.6) 

2.6 

2.0 

(0.1) 

1.9 

Global Specialty Products

0.1 

9.1 

9.2 

(0.5) 

8.7 

Global Technology 

2.4 

2.0 

4.4 

0.3 

4.7 

Total 

(0.4) 

3.3 

2.9 

(0.2) 

2.7 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

55 

Global Sales 

Global net sales for the year ended December 28, 2024 increased 2.7%.

The components of sales growth are 

presented in the table above. 

The 0.4% decrease in our internally generated local currency sales was primarily

attributable to the migration to 

lower priced products and the challenging economic environment in

certain markets and lower sales of PPE 

products and COVID-19 test kits.

For the year ended December 28, 2024, the estimated increase in

internally 

generated local currency sales, excluding PPE products and COVID-19

test kits, was 0.3%. 

Global Distribution and Value-Added Services Sales 

Global Distribution and Value-Added Services net sales for the year ended December 28, 2024 increased 1.9%.

The components of our sales increase are presented in the table

above.

The 0.2% decrease in internally generated local currency dental sales was primarily

due to the migration to lower 

priced dental merchandise products and a challenging economic environment

in certain markets, and lower sales of 

PPE products.

The decrease was partially offset by sales growth in traditional equipment and parts and

services in 

the United States and sales growth in digital equipment in our international

markets, partially offset by lower sales 

of digital equipment in the United States and declines in sales of

traditional equipment in certain international 

markets.

The growth in traditional equipment benefited from installation

delays during the fourth quarter of 2023 

after the cyber incident. 

The 1.2% decrease in internally generated local currency medical sales reflects

the conversion of certain 

pharmaceutical products to lower priced generics, and lower sales of PPE

products,

COVID-19 test kits and 

influenza vaccines, partially offset by strong sales of point-of-care diagnostics including

multi-assay flu/COVID 

combination test kits. 

The acquisition growth in medical sales was attributable to our expansion

in the Home Solutions market, including 

the acquisition of Shield Healthcare during the year ended December

30, 2023.

The acquisition growth in value-

added services within dental sales was attributable primarily to an acquisition

of a practice transitions business in 

2023\. 

We estimate that sales of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits were approximately $622

million for the year 

ended December 28, 2024 as compared to $710 million for the year ended

December 30, 2023 representing an 

estimated decrease of $88 million.

The estimated $88 million net decrease in sales of PPE products

and COVID-19 

test kits represents 5.8% of Global Distribution and Value-Added Services

net sales for the year ended December 

28, 2024, and was primarily due to lower glove prices and reduced demand

following the cyber incident.

The 

estimated increase in the segment’s internally generated local currency sales, excluding PPE products and COVID-

19 test kits, was 0.3%.

Global Specialty Products

Global Specialty Products net sales for the year ended December

28, 2024 increased

8.7%.

The components of our 

sales increase are presented in the table above. 

The internally generated local currency sales were relatively flat due to implant

sales growth in certain international 

markets and growth in endodontics sales in the United States and

international markets, offset by a decline in 

implant sales in the United States and lower orthodontic sales.

The increase in local currency Global Specialty 

Products sales was attributable to the acquisitions of TriMed during the year ended December 28, 2024,

and 

Biotech Dental and S.I.N. Implant System during the year ended December

30, 2023. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

56 

Global Technology 

Global Technology net sales for the year ended December 28, 2024 increased 4.7%.

The components of sales 

growth are presented in the table above. 

The internally generated local currency increase of 2.4% in Global Technology sales was primarily attributable to a 

continued increase in the number of cloud-based users of our practice management

software and an increase in 

revenue cycle management solutions and our analytical products. 

Gross Profit 

Gross profit and gross margin percentages by segment and in total were as follows: 

Gross 

Gross 

Increase / (Decrease) 

2024 

Margin % 

2023 

Margin % 

$ 

% 

Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services 

$ 

2,776 

25.8 

% 

$ 

2,699 

25.6 

% 

$ 

77 

3.2 

% 

Global Specialty Products 

802 

55.4 

720 

54.1 

82 

11.3 

Global Technology 

424 

67.4 

417 

69.2 

7 

1.9 

Corporate 

14 

n/a 

24 

n/a 

(10) 

(41.4) 

Total

$ 

4,016 

31.7 

$ 

3,860 

31.3 

$ 

156 

4.1 

As a result of different practices of categorizing costs associated with distribution networks

throughout our 

industry, our gross margins may not necessarily be comparable to other distribution companies.

Gross margin 

percentages vary between our segments.

We realize substantially higher gross margin from sales of products that 

we develop and manufacture within our Global Specialty Products segment

compared to gross margin from sales of 

products that we distribute within our Global Distribution and Value-Added Services segment.

Within our Global 

Technology segment, higher gross margins result from us being both the developer and seller of software products 

and services.

Within our Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services segment, gross profit margins may vary between the 

periods as a result of the changes in the mix of products sold as well as

changes in our customer mix.

With respect 

to customer mix, sales to our large-group customers are typically completed at lower gross

margins due to the 

higher volumes sold as opposed to the gross margin on sales to office-based practitioners, who normally

purchase 

lower volumes.

The increase in Global Distribution and Value-Added Services gross profit for the year ended December 28, 2024 

compared to the prior-year-period is due to acquisitions and margin expansion providing a favorable impact

of sales 

mix of higher-margin products. 

The increase in Global Specialty Products gross profit reflects increased

sales volume and higher gross profit from 

internally generated sales and gross profit from acquisitions.

The increase in gross margin rates was due to product 

mix.

The increase in Global Technology gross profit is the result of a higher gross profit from internally generated sales 

and gross profit from acquisitions.

The decrease in gross margin rates was due to increased vendor costs and 

product mix. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

57 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses (consisting of selling, general and administrative

expenses; depreciation and amortization; and 

restructuring and integration costs) by segment were as follows: 

% of 

% of 

Respective 

Respective 

Increase / (Decrease) 

2024 

Net Sales 

2023 

Net Sales 

$ 

% 

Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services 

$ 

2,080 

19.3 

% 

$ 

2,034 

19.3 

% 

$ 

46 

2.3 

% 

Global Specialty Products 

624 

43.2 

545 

41.0 

79 

14.4 

Global Technology 

272 

43.2 

275 

45.6 

(3) 

(0.8) 

Corporate 

91 

n/a 

116 

n/a 

(25) 

(22.1) 

3,067 

24.2 

2,970 

24.1 

97 

3.3 

Adjustments 

(1)

328 

n/a 

275 

n/a 

53 

n/a 

Total operating expenses 

$ 

3,395 

26.8 

$ 

3,245 

26.3 

$ 

150 

4.6 

(1)

Adjustments represent items excluded from segment operating income to enable comparison of financial results between periods.

These items may vary independently of business performance.

Please see 

Note 4 – Segment and Geographic Data

.

These 

adjustments (current year vs. prior year) consist of (i) acquisition intangible amortization ($184 million vs. $150 million); (ii) 

restructuring costs ($110 million vs. $80 million); (iii) changes in contingent consideration ($45 million vs. $0 million); (iv) cyber 

incident third-party advisory expenses, net of insurance proceeds ($31 million net proceeds vs. $11 million net expenses); (v) 

impairment of capitalized assets ($12 million vs. $27 million); (vi) impairment of intangible assets ($0 million vs. $7 million); (vii) 

litigation settlements ($6 million vs. $0 million); and (viii) costs associated with shareholder advisory matters ($2 million vs. $0 

million).

The net increase in operating expenses is attributable to the following: 

Operating Costs 

(excluding 

acquisitions) 

Acquisitions 

Adjustments 

Total 

Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services 

$ 

(23) 

$ 

69 

$ 

\- 

$ 

46 

Global Specialty Products 

9 

70 

\- 

79 

Global Technology 

(8) 

5 

\- 

(3) 

Corporate 

(25) 

\- 

\- 

(25) 

(47) 

144 

\- 

97 

Adjustments 

\- 

\- 

53 

53 

Total operating expenses 

$ 

(47) 

$ 

144 

$ 

53 

$ 

150 

The components of the net increase in total operating expenses are presented

in the table above.

The decrease in 

operating costs (excluding acquisitions) during the year ended December 28,

2024 included cost savings from our 

restructuring activities and reflected a gain of $19 million related to the remeasurement

to fair value of a previously 

held equity investment within our Global Distribution and Value-Added Services segment. 

Other Expense, Net 

Other expense, net was as follows: 

Variance 

2024 

2023 

$ 

% 

Interest income

$ 

24 

$ 

17 

$ 

7 

39.8 

% 

Interest expense

(131) 

(87) 

(44) 

(51.7) 

Other, net

(1) 

(3) 

2 

n/a 

Other expense, net

$ 

(108) 

$ 

(73) 

$ 

(35) 

(49.3) 

Interest income increased primarily due to increased interest rates.

Interest expense increased primarily due to 

increased borrowings and increased interest rates. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

58 

Income Taxes

Our effective tax rate was 24.9% for the year ended December 28, 2024, compared to 22.1%

for the prior year 

period.

The difference between our effective and federal statutory tax rates primarily relates to state

and foreign 

income taxes and interest expense. 

The Organization of Economic Co-Operation and Development (OECD) issued

technical and administrative 

guidance on Pillar Two rules in December 2021, which provides for a global minimum tax rate on the earnings of 

large multinational businesses on a country-by-country basis.

Effective January 1, 2024, the minimum global tax 

rate is 15% for various jurisdictions pursuant to the Pillar Two rules.

Future tax reform resulting from these 

developments may result in changes to long-standing tax principles, which

may adversely impact our effective tax 

rate going forward or result in higher cash tax liabilities.

As of December 28, 2024,

the impact of the Pillar Two 

rules to our financial statements was immaterial. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

59 

2023 Compared to 2022 

Discussion of the results of operations for the year ended December

30, 2023 as compared to December 31, 2022 

was included in Part II, Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results

of 

Operations” in the Company’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2023, as filed with the SEC on 

February 28, 2024. During the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended

December 28, 2024, we revised our reportable 

segments to align with how the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer manages

the business, assesses performance 

and allocates resources.

A discussion of the results of operations for the year ended

December 30, 2023 as 

compared to December 31, 2022 for net sales and segment adjusted operating

income based on the realigned 

segments is presented below. 

Note: Percentages for Net Sales; Gross Profit; Operating Expenses; Other

Expense, Net; and Income Taxes are 

based on actual values and may not recalculate due to rounding. 

Net Sales 

Net sales were as follows: 

% of 

% of 

Increase / (Decrease) 

2023 

Total 

2022 

Total 

$ 

% 

Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services 

Global Dental merchandise 

(1)

$ 

4,787 

38.8 

% 

$ 

4,763 

37.7 

% 

$ 

24 

0.5 

% 

Global Dental equipment 

(2)

1,671 

13.5 

1,715 

13.5 

(44) 

(2.6) 

Global Value

-added services 

(3)

191 

1.6 

151 

1.2 

40 

27.1 

Global Dental 

6,649 

53.9 

6,629 

52.4 

20 

0.3 

Global Medical 

(4)

3,912 

31.7 

4,346 

34.4 

(434) 

(10.0) 

Total Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services 

10,561 

85.6 

10,975 

86.8 

(414) 

(3.8) 

Global Specialty Products 

(5)

1,331 

10.8 

1,273 

10.1 

58 

4.6 

Global Technology 

(6)

602 

4.9 

549 

4.3 

53 

9.6 

Eliminations 

(155) 

(1.3) 

(150) 

(1.2) 

(5) 

n/a 

Total

$ 

12,339 

100.0 

$ 

12,647 

100.0 

$ 

(308) 

(2.4) 

(1)

Includes infection-control products, handpieces, preventatives, impression materials, composites, anesthetics, teeth, dental 

implants, gypsum, acrylics, articulators, abrasives, PPE products,

and our own corporate brand of consumable merchandise. 

(2)

Includes dental chairs, delivery units and lights, digital dental laboratories, X-ray supplies and equipment, equipment repair and 

high-tech and digital restoration equipment. 

(3)

Consists of financial services on a non-recourse basis, continuing education services for practitioners, consulting and other services. 

(4)

Includes branded and generic pharmaceuticals, vaccines, surgical products, diagnostic tests, infection-control products, X-ray 

products, equipment, PPE products and vitamins. 

(5)

Includes manufacturing, marketing and sales of dental implant and biomaterial products; and endodontic, orthodontic and 

orthopedic products and other health care-related products and services. 

(6)

Consists of practice management software, e-services, and other products, which are distributed to health care providers. 

The components of our sales growth/(decline) were as follows: 

Local Currency Growth/(Decline) 

Total Local 

Currency 

Growth/ 

(Decline) 

Foreign 

Exchange 

Impact 

Total Sales 

Growth/ 

(Decline) 

Local 

Internal 

Growth 

Acquisition 

Growth 

Extra Week 

Impact 

Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services 

Global Dental Merchandise 

(0.6) 

% 

2.2 

% 

(1.0) 

% 

0.6 

% 

(0.1) 

% 

0.5 

% 

Global Dental Equipment 

(1.7) 

1.1 

(2.1) 

(2.7) 

0.1 

(2.6) 

Global Value

-added services 

11.4 

16.5 

(0.7) 

27.2 

(0.1) 

27.1 

Global Dental 

(0.6) 

2.2 

(1.3) 

0.3 

\- 

0.3 

Global Medical 

(11.0) 

2.3 

(1.3) 

(10.0) 

\- 

(10.0) 

Total Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services 

(4.7) 

2.2 

(1.3) 

(3.8) 

\- 

(3.8) 

Global Specialty Products

(4.0) 

8.7 

(1.0) 

3.7 

0.9 

4.6 

Global Technology 

8.3 

2.1 

(0.8) 

9.6 

\- 

9.6 

Total 

(4.2) 

2.9 

(1.2) 

(2.5) 

0.1 

(2.4) 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

60 

Global Sales 

We report our results of operations on a 52 or 53 weeks per fiscal year basis ending on the last Saturday of 

December.

The year ended December 30, 2023 consisted of 52 weeks, and

the year ended December 31, 2022 

consisted of 53 weeks,

resulting in an extra week of sales. 

Global net sales for the year ended December 30, 2023 decreased 2.4%.

The components of our sales decline are 

presented in the table above.

The 4.2% decrease in our internally generated local currency sales was primarily

attributable to a decrease in sales 

of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits.

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the estimated

increase in 

internally generated local currency sales, excluding PPE products

and COVID-19 test kits, was 3.5%.

However, as 

a result of the adverse impact of the 2023 cyber incident during the quarter ended

December 30, 2023, our 

internally generated local currency sales, excluding sales of PPE products

and COVID-19 test kits, on a full year 

basis were flat compared to the prior year. 

Global Distribution and Value-Added Services Sales 

Global Distribution and Value-Added Services net sales for the year ended December 30, 2023 decreased 3.8%.

The components of our sales decline are presented in the table above.

The 0.6% decrease in internally generated local currency dental sales was attributable

to a decrease in sales of 

dental merchandise and dental equipment as a result of the adverse

impact of the 2023 cyber incident. 

The 11.0% decrease in internally generated local currency medical sales is primarily attributable

to the impact of 

the 2023 cyber incident and to lower sales of PPE products and COVID-19

test kits and other point-of-care 

diagnostic products. 

The acquisition growth in medical sales was attributable to our expansion

in the Home Solutions market, including 

the acquisition of Shield Healthcare during the year ended December

30, 2023.

The acquisition growth in value-

added services was attributable primarily to an acquisition of a practice

transitions business in 2023. 

The increase in internally generated local currency value-added services

sales is attributable to an increase in our 

dental billing solutions, partially offset by the expiration, during the year ended

December 31, 2022, of a modestly 

profitable government contract in one of our value-added services businesses.

We estimate that sales of PPE products and COVID-19 test kits were approximately $710

million for the year 

ended December 30, 2023

as compared to $1,238 million for the year ended December 31, 2022

representing an 

estimated decrease of $528 million.

The estimated $528 million net decrease in sales of PPE products

and COVID-

19 test kits represents 5.0%

of Global Distribution and Value-Added Services net sales for the year ended 

December 30, 2023 and was primarily due to lower market prices and loss of

demand during the 2023 cyber 

incident.

Excluding PPE products and COVID-19 test kits, our internally

generated local currency sales were flat. 

Global Specialty Products 

Global Specialty Products net sales for the year ended December 30, 2023

increased 4.6%.

The components of 

sales increase are presented in the table above. 

The decrease in internally generated local currency sales was primarily

attributable to lower sales in our 

orthodontics business,

partially impacted by a patent expiration and the October 2023

cyber incident and declines in 

certain other health care related consumable merchandise products. 

The acquisition growth in Global Specialty Products sales was attributable

to the acquisitions of Biotech Dental and 

S.I.N. Implant system during the year ended December 30, 2023. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

61 

Global Technology 

Global Technology net sales for the year ended December 30, 2023 increased 9.6%.

The components of our sales 

growth are presented in the table above.

During the year ended December 30, 2023, the trend for sales of practice 

management software growth remained strong as we continued to

increase the number of cloud-based users.

We 

also experienced increased demand for our revenue cycle management solutions

and our analytical products.

This 

segment of our business was not directly affected by the 2023 cyber

incident in the fourth quarter. 

Gross Profit 

Gross profit and gross margin percentages by reportable segment were as follows: 

Gross 

Gross 

Increase / (Decrease) 

2023 

Margin % 

2022 

Margin % 

$ 

% 

Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services 

$ 

2,699 

25.6 

% 

$ 

2,769 

25.2 

% 

$ 

(70) 

(2.5) 

% 

Global Specialty Products 

720 

54.1 

678 

53.3 

42 

6.3 

Global Technology 

417 

67.4 

375 

69.2 

42 

11.3 

Corporate 

24 

n/a 

9 

n/a 

15 

152.9 

Total

$ 

3,860 

31.7 

$ 

3,831 

31.3 

$ 

29 

0.8 

As a result of different practices of categorizing costs associated with distribution networks

throughout our 

industry, our gross margins may not necessarily be comparable to other distribution companies.

Gross margin 

percentages vary between our segments.

We realize substantially higher gross margin from sales of products that 

we develop and manufacture within our Global Specialty Products segment

compared to gross margin from sales of 

products that we distribute within our Global Distribution and Value-Added Services segment.

Within our Global 

Technology segment, higher gross margins result from us being both the developer and seller of software products 

and services.

Within our Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services segment, gross profit margins may vary between the 

periods as a result of the changes in the mix of products sold as well as

changes in our customer mix.

For example, 

sales of our corporate brand and certain specialty products achieve

gross profit margins that are higher than average 

total gross profit margins of all products.

With respect to customer mix, sales to our large-group customers are 

typically completed at lower gross margins due to the higher volumes sold as opposed

to the gross margin on sales 

to office-based practitioners, who normally purchase lower volumes.

The decrease in Global Distribution and Value-Added Services gross profit for the year ended December 30, 2023 

compared to the prior year was due to the 2023 cyber incident and a

reduction in sales of PPE products and 

COVID-19 test kits, partially offset by additional gross profit from acquisitions. 

The increase in Global Specialty Products gross profit is primarily attributable

to gross profit from our acquisitions 

offset by lower gross profit from our orthodontics business and certain other health

care related consumable 

merchandise products.

The increase in gross margin rates was due to a favorable impact of sales mix. 

The increase in Global Technology gross profit reflects increased local currency revenues and additional gross 

profit from acquisitions. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

62 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses (consisting of selling, general and administrative

expenses; depreciation and amortization, 

restructuring and integration costs) by segment were as follows: 

% of 

% of 

Respective 

Respective 

Increase / (Decrease) 

2023 

Net Sales 

2022 

Net Sales 

$ 

% 

Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services 

$ 

2,034 

19.3 

% 

$ 

1,936 

17.6 

% 

$ 

98 

5.0 

% 

Global Specialty Products 

545 

41.0 

486 

38.2 

59 

12.3 

Global Technology 

275 

45.6 

250 

45.4 

25 

10.1 

Corporate 

116 

n/a 

121 

n/a 

(5) 

(4.9) 

2,970 

24.1 

2,793 

22.1 

177 

6.3 

Adjustments 

(1)

275 

n/a 

291 

n/a 

(16) 

n/a 

Total operating expenses 

$ 

3,245 

26.3 

$ 

3,084 

24.4 

$ 

161 

5.2 

(1)

Adjustments represent items excluded from segment operating income to enable comparison of financial results between periods.

These items may vary independently of business performance.

Please see 

Note 4 – Segment and Geographic Data

.

These 

adjustments (current year vs. prior year) consist of (i) acquisition intangible amortization ($150 million vs. $126 million); (ii) 

restructuring costs ($80 million vs. $131 million); (iii) cyber incident third-party advisory expenses ($11 million vs. $0 million); 

(iv) impairment of capitalized assets ($27 million vs. $0 million); and (v) impairment of intangible assets ($7 million vs. $34 

million).

The net increase in operating expenses is attributable to the following: 

Operating Costs 

(excluding 

acquisitions) 

Acquisitions 

Adjustments 

Total 

Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services 

$ 

45 

$ 

53 

$ 

\- 

$ 

98 

Global Specialty Products 

(12) 

71 

\- 

59 

Global Technology 

21 

4 

\- 

25 

Corporate 

(5) 

\- 

\- 

(5) 

49 

128 

\- 

177 

Adjustments 

\- 

\- 

(16) 

(16) 

Total operating expenses 

$ 

49 

$ 

128 

$ 

(16) 

$ 

161 

The increase in operating costs (excluding acquisitions) during the year ended

December 30, 2023 includes 

increases in payroll and payroll related costs primarily in our Global

Distribution and Value-Added Services 

segment.

During the year ended December 30, 2023, our operating expenses

were favorably impacted by the 

recognition of a remeasurement gain of $18 million following an acquisition of

a controlling interest of a previously 

held equity investment. 

Other Expense, Net 

Other expense, net was as follows: 

Variance 

2023 

2022 

$ 

% 

Interest income

$ 

17 

$ 

8 

$ 

9 

125.1 

% 

Interest expense

(87) 

(35) 

(52) 

(148.7) 

Other, net

(3) 

1 

(4) 

n/a 

Other expense, net

$ 

(73) 

$ 

(26) 

$ 

(47) 

(172.9) 

Interest income increased primarily due to increased interest rates.

Interest expense increased primarily due to 

increased borrowings and increased interest rates. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

63 

Income Taxes

Our effective tax rate was 22.1% for the year ended December 30, 2023 compared to 23.5%

for the prior year.

In 

each year, the difference between our effective and federal statutory tax rates primarily relates to state and foreign 

income taxes and interest expense. 

The Organization of Economic Co-Operation and Development (OECD) issued

technical and administrative 

guidance on Pillar Two rules in December 2021, which provides for a global minimum tax rate on the earnings of 

large multinational businesses on a country-by-country basis.

Effective January 1, 2024, the minimum global tax 

rate is 15% for various jurisdictions pursuant to the Pillar Two rules.

Future tax reform resulting from these 

developments may result in changes to long-standing tax principles, which

may adversely impact our effective tax 

rate going forward or result in higher cash tax liabilities.

As of December 30, 2023, the impact of the Pillar Two 

rules to our financial statements was immaterial. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

64 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our principal capital requirements have included funding of acquisitions, purchases

of additional noncontrolling 

interests, repayments of debt principal, the funding of working capital needs,

purchases of fixed assets and 

repurchases of common stock.

Working capital requirements generally result from increased sales, special 

inventory forward buy-in opportunities and payment terms for receivables

and payables.

Historically, sales have 

tended to be stronger during the second half of the year and special inventory

forward buy-in opportunities have 

been most prevalent just before the end of the year, and have caused our working capital requirements

to be higher 

from the end of the third quarter to the end of the first quarter of

the following year. 

We finance our business primarily through cash generated from our operations, revolving credit facilities and debt 

placements.

Please see 

Note 14 – Debt

for further information.

Our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from 

operations is dependent on the continued demand of our customers

for our products and services, and access to 

products and services from our suppliers. 

Our business requires a substantial investment in working capital, which

is susceptible to fluctuations during the 

year as a result of inventory purchase patterns and seasonal demands.

Inventory purchase activity is a function of 

sales activity, special inventory forward buy-in opportunities and our desired level of inventory. 

We finance our business to provide adequate funding for at least 12 months.

Funding requirements are based on 

forecasted profitability and working capital needs, which, on occasion, may

change.

Consequently, we may change 

our funding structure to reflect any new requirements. 

We believe that our cash and cash equivalents, our ability to access private debt markets and public equity markets, 

and our available funds under existing credit facilities provide us with

sufficient liquidity to meet our currently 

foreseeable short-term and long-term capital needs. 

Our acquisition strategy is focused on investments in companies that

add new customers and sales teams, increase 

our geographic footprint (whether entering a new country, such as emerging markets, or building scale where we 

have already invested in businesses), and finally, those that enable us to access new products and technologies. 

Net cash provided by operating activities was $848 million for the

year ended December 28, 2024, compared to net 

cash provided by operating activities of $500 million for the prior year.

The net change of $348 million was 

primarily attributable to changes in working capital accounts (primarily accounts

receivable and inventory), and 

higher cash net income.

The residual impacts of the 2023 cyber incident on our working

capital during the year 

ended December 28, 2024 included an increase in operating cash flows from

accounts receivable due to improved 

collection levels and decreased cash flows from accounts payable and accrued

expenses resulting from previously 

delayed payments. 

Net cash used in investing activities was $430 million for the year

ended December 28, 2024, compared to net cash 

used in investing activities of $1,135 million for the prior year.

The net change of $705 million was primarily 

attributable to decreased payments for equity investments and business

acquisitions. 

Net cash used in financing activities was $510 million for the year

ended December 28, 2024, compared to net cash 

provided by financing activities of $701 million for the prior year.

The net change of $1,211 million was primarily 

due to decreased net borrowings from debt to finance our investments,

increased acquisitions of noncontrolling 

interests in subsidiaries and increased repurchases of common stock. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

65 

The following table summarizes selected measures of liquidity and capital

resources: 

December 28, 

December 30, 

2024 

2023 

Cash and cash equivalents

$ 

122 

$ 

171 

Working

capital 

(1)

1,180 

1,805 

Debt: 

Bank credit lines

$ 

650 

$ 

264 

Current maturities of long-term debt

56 

150 

Long-term debt

1,830 

1,937 

Total debt

$ 

2,536 

$ 

2,351 

Leases: 

Current operating lease liabilities 

$ 

75 

$ 

80 

Non-current operating lease liabilities 

259 

310 

(1)

Includes $241 million and $284 million of certain accounts receivable which serve as security for U.S. trade accounts receivable 

securitization at December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. 

Our cash and cash equivalents consist of bank balances and investments

in money market funds representing 

overnight investments with a high degree of liquidity. 

Accounts receivable days sales outstanding and inventory turns 

Our accounts receivable days sales outstanding from operations

increased to 47.3 days as of December 28, 2024 

from 46.2 days as of December 30, 2023.

Adjusted for the impact of the cyber incident our days sales outstanding 

decreased to 45.7 days as of December 28, 2024.

During the years ended December 28, 2024 and December

30, 

2023, we wrote off approximately $12 million and $16 million, respectively, of fully reserved accounts receivable 

against our trade receivable reserve.

Our inventory turns from operations increased to 5.0 as of December

28, 2024 

from 4.5 as of December 30, 2023.

Our working capital accounts may be impacted by current and

future economic 

conditions. 

Contractual obligations 

The following table summarizes our contractual obligations related

to fixed and variable rate long-term debt and 

finance lease obligations, including interest (assuming a weighted

average interest rate of 4.88%), as well as 

inventory purchase commitments and operating lease obligations

as of December 28, 2024: 

Payments due by period 

< 1 year 

2 - 3 years 

4 - 5 years 

> 5 years 

Total 

Contractual obligations: 

Long-term debt, including interest

$ 

140 

$ 

1,053 

$ 

337 

$ 

657 

$ 

2,187 

Inventory purchase commitments

9 

5 

\- 

\- 

14 

Operating lease obligations

87 

130 

80 

81 

378 

Transition tax obligations

24 

\- 

\- 

\- 

24 

Finance lease obligations, including interest

3 

3 

1 

\- 

7 

Total

$ 

263 

$ 

1,191 

$ 

418 

$ 

738 

$ 

2,610 

For information relating to our debt please see 

Note 14 – Debt

.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

66 

Leases 

We have operating and finance leases for corporate offices, office space, distribution and other facilities, vehicles 

and certain equipment.

Our leases have remaining terms of less than one year to approximately

17 years, some of 

which may include options to extend the leases for up to 15 years.

As of December 28, 2024, our right-of-use 

assets related to operating leases were $293 million and our current and

non-current operating lease liabilities were 

$75 million and $259 million, respectively.

Please see 

Note 8 – Leases

for further information. 

Stock Repurchases 

On January 27, 2025, our Board authorized the repurchase of up

to an additional $500 million in shares of our 

common stock. 

From March 3, 2003 through December 28, 2024, we repurchased $5.1

billion, or 95,814,454 shares, under our 

common stock repurchase programs, with $380 million available

as of December 28, 2024 for future common stock 

share repurchases.

Subject to market conditions and other factors, we plan to continue

to accelerate our share 

repurchase activity. 

Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 

Some minority stockholders in certain of our subsidiaries have the right,

at certain times, to require us to acquire 

their ownership interest in those entities at fair value.

Accounting Standards Codification Topic 480-10 is 

applicable for noncontrolling interests where we are or may be required

to purchase all or a portion of the 

outstanding interest in a consolidated subsidiary from the noncontrolling

interest holder under the terms of a put 

option contained in contractual agreements.

As of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, our balance

for 

redeemable noncontrolling interests was $806 million and $864 million,

respectively.

Please see 

Note 20 –

Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests

for further information. 

Unrecognized tax benefits

As more fully disclosed in 

Note 15 – Income Taxes

of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,” we cannot 

reasonably estimate the timing of future cash flows related to our unrecognized

tax benefits, including accrued 

interest, of $108 million and $115 million as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively.

Critical Accounting Estimates

Our accounting policies are described in 

Note 1 – Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies

of the 

consolidated financial statements.

The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires us

to make 

estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues

and expenses and related 

disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities.

We base our estimates on historical data, when available, 

experience, industry and market trends, and on various other assumptions

that are believed to be reasonable under 

the circumstances, the combined results of which form the basis for

making judgments about the carrying values of 

assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.

We believe that the estimates, judgments and 

assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information

available to us at the time that these 

estimates, judgments and assumptions are made.

However, by their nature, estimates are subject to various 

assumptions and uncertainties.

Therefore, reported results may differ from estimates and any such differences may 

be material to our consolidated financial statements.

We believe that the following critical accounting estimates, which have been discussed with the Audit Committee 

of our Board, affect the significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation

of our consolidated financial 

statements: 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

67 

Inventories and Reserves

Inventories consist primarily of finished goods, raw materials and

work-in-process and are valued at the lower of 

cost or net realizable value.

Cost is determined by the weighted average method for merchandise and

actual cost 

for large equipment,

high tech equipment and drop-shipments.

We include product costs, labor, and related fixed 

and variable overhead in the cost of inventory

that we manufacture.

In estimating carrying value of inventory, we 

consider many factors including the condition and salability of the inventory

by reviewing on-hand quantities, 

historical sales, forecasted sales and market and economic trends.

Business Combinations 

The estimated fair value of acquired identifiable intangible assets (i.e., customer

relationships and lists, trademarks 

and trade names, product development and non-compete agreements)

is based on critical judgments and 

assumptions derived from analysis of market conditions, including discount

rates, projected revenue growth rates 

(which are based on historical trends and assessment of financial projections),

estimated customer attrition and 

projected cash flows.

These assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic

and market 

conditions.

Please see 

Note 5 – Business Acquisitions

for further discussion of our acquisitions. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill is subject to impairment analysis at least once annually as

of the first day of our fourth quarter, or if an 

event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than

not reduce a reporting unit’s fair value below 

carrying value.

We regard our reporting units to be our operating segments or one level below the operating 

segments.

Goodwill is allocated to such reporting units, for the purposes of

preparing our impairment analyses, 

based on a specific identification basis.

Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including

the identification of reporting units, 

assignment of assets and liabilities that are considered shared services

to the reporting units, and ultimately the 

determination of the fair value of each reporting unit.

The fair value of each reporting unit is calculated by 

applying the discounted cash flow methodology and confirming with

a market approach.

There are inherent 

uncertainties, however, related to fair value models, the inputs and our judgments in applying them

to this analysis.

The most significant inputs include estimation of detailed future cash flows based

on budget expectations, and 

determination of comparable companies to develop a weighted average

cost of capital for each reporting unit.

On an annual basis, we prepare financial projections.

These projections are based on input from our leadership and 

are presented annually to our Board.

Influences on this year's forecasted financial information and

the fair value 

model include: the impact of planned strategic initiatives, the continued

integration of recent acquisitions and 

overall market conditions.

The estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change

from year to 

year based on operating results, market conditions, and other factors.

During the year ended December 28, 2024, we engaged third-party valuation

specialists to determine the relative 

fair value of our goodwill related to the revision of our reportable segments.

Our management reviewed and 

approved this valuation. 

During the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 28, 2024,

we revised our segment structure to align 

with how our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer manages the business, assesses

performance and allocates 

resources.

Our revised reportable segments now consist of: (i) Global Distribution

and Value

-Added Services; (ii) 

Global Specialty Products; and (iii) Global Technology.

Reporting units under the former structure were tested for 

impairment, and no impairment was identified.

As a result of the realignment and the change in operating 

segments, we reallocated goodwill to each of our new reporting units using

a relative fair value approach.

Based on 

the impairment test under the new structure, it was determined that the

fair values of our reporting units more likely 

than not exceeded their carrying values, resulting in no impairment.

For both the former and new structure 

goodwill impairment tests as of September 30, 2024, the fair values of reporting

units were computed using the 

methodology described above. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

68 

In connection with our restructuring initiatives, during the year ended

December 28, 2024, we recorded an $11 

million impairment of goodwill in the Global Specialty Products segment,

relating to the disposal of a portion of a 

business; such impairment was calculated based on the relative fair value of

goodwill.

For the year ended 

December 31, 2022, in connection with our restructuring activities, we

recorded a $20 million impairment of 

goodwill, in the Global Specialty Products segment, relating to the disposal

of an unprofitable business for which 

estimated fair value was lower than carrying value.

Apart from the above impairments identified in connection with

our restructuring initiative, we did not record any 

additional impairment during the years ended December 28, 2024, December

30, 2023, and December 31, 2022.

We performed our annual quantitative testing for the remaining goodwill and the fair value of each of our reporting 

units sufficiently exceeded the carrying values.

Definite-Lived Intangible Assets 

Annually or if we identify an impairment indicator,

definite-lived intangible assets such as non-compete 

agreements, trademarks, trade names, customer relationships and lists, and

product development are reviewed for 

impairment indicators.

If any impairment indicators exist, quantitative testing

is performed on the asset. 

The quantitative impairment model is a two-step test under which we

first calculate the recoverability of the 

carrying value by comparing the undiscounted projected cash flows associated

with the asset or asset group, 

including its estimated residual value, to the carrying amount.

If the cash flows associated with the asset or asset 

group are less than the carrying value, we perform a fair value assessment

of the asset, or asset group.

If the 

carrying amount is found to be greater than the fair value, we record an

impairment loss for the excess of book 

value over the fair value.

In addition, in all cases of an impairment review, we re-evaluate the remaining useful 

lives of the assets and modify them, as appropriate.

Although we believe our judgments, estimates and/or 

assumptions used in estimating cash flows and determining fair value

are reasonable, making material changes to 

such judgments, estimates and/or assumptions could materially affect such impairment

analyses and our financial 

results.

During the year ended December 28, 2024, we recorded $4 million of

impairment charges related to businesses in 

our Global Distribution and Value-Added Services segment.

It included $2 million of a trade name impairment, 

calculated using the relative fair value, related to a disposal of a business,

and $1 million related to trade name 

impairment due to business integration in connection with our restructuring

initiatives.

The remaining $1 million 

impairment charges related to trade names and non-compete agreements and were

calculated as the differences 

between the carrying values and the estimated fair values of the impaired

intangible assets, using a discounted 

estimate of future cash flows. 

During the year ended December 30, 2023, we recorded $19 million of

impairment charges related to businesses in 

our Global Distribution and Value-Added Services segment, consisting of $7 million primarily related to customer 

lists and relationships attributable to lower than anticipated operating

margins in certain businesses, and a $12 

million charge related to the planned exit of a business in connection with our restructuring

initiatives.

These 

impairment charges were calculated as the differences between the carrying values and the

estimated fair values of 

the impaired intangible assets, using a discounted estimate of future

cash flows. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded $49 million of

impairment charges related to businesses in 

our Global Distribution and Value-Added Services segment, consisting of a $15 million charge related to the 

disposal of an unprofitable business in connection with our restructuring

initiatives, and a $34 million charge 

related to customer lists and relationships attributable to customer attrition rates

being higher than expected in 

certain other Global Distribution and Value-Added Services businesses.

These impairment charges were calculated 

as the differences between the carrying values and the estimated fair values of

the impaired intangible assets, using 

a discounted estimate of future cash flows. 

Please see 

Note 16 – Plans of Restructuring and Integration Costs

for additional details. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

69 

Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 

Some minority stockholders in certain of our consolidated subsidiaries have

the right, at certain times, to require us 

to acquire their ownership interest in those entities at fair value.

The redemption amounts have been estimated 

based on recent transactions and/or implied multiples of earnings

and, if such earnings and cash flows are not 

achieved, the value of the redeemable noncontrolling interests might be impacted.

See 

Note 1 – Basis of 

Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies

and 

Note 20 – Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests

for additional 

information. 

Income Tax 

When determining if the realization of a deferred tax asset is likely to assess

the need to record a valuation 

allowance, estimates and judgement are required.

We 

consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, 

including estimated future taxable earnings, ongoing planning strategies,

future reversals of existing temporary 

differences and historical operating results.

Additionally, changes to tax laws and statutory tax rates can have an 

impact on our determination.

We 

evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets quarterly.

Accounting Standards Codification Topic 740 prescribes the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized 

in the financial statements in accordance with provisions contained within

its guidance.

This topic prescribes a 

recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement

recognition and measurement of tax 

positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.

For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be 

more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities.

The amount recognized is 

measured as the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being

realized upon ultimate 

audit settlement.

In the normal course of business, our tax returns are subject

to examination by various taxing 

authorities.

Such examinations may result in future tax and interest assessments

by these taxing authorities for 

uncertain tax positions taken in respect of certain tax matters.

Please see 

Note 15 – Income Taxes

for further 

discussion. 

Accounting Standards Update

For a discussion of accounting standards updates that have been adopted

or will be adopted in the future, please see 

Note 1 – Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies

included under Item 8. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

70 

ITEM 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

We are exposed to market risks, interest rate risks as well as changes in foreign currency exchange rates as 

measured against the U.S. dollar and each other, and changes to the credit markets.

We attempt to minimize these 

risks primarily by using foreign currency forward contracts and by

maintaining counter-party credit limits.

These 

hedging activities provide only limited protection against currency exchange

and credit risks.

Factors that could 

influence the effectiveness of our hedging programs include currency markets and

availability of hedging 

instruments and liquidity of the credit markets.

All foreign currency forward contracts that we enter into are 

components of hedging programs and are entered into for the sole purpose

of hedging an existing or anticipated 

currency exposure.

We do not enter into such contracts for speculative purposes and we manage our credit risks by 

diversifying our investments, maintaining a strong balance sheet and having

multiple sources of capital. 

Foreign Currency 

The value of certain foreign currencies compared to the U.S. dollar may

affect our financial results.

Fluctuations in 

exchange rates may positively or negatively affect our revenues, gross margins, operating expenses

and retained 

earnings, all of which are expressed in U.S. dollars.

Where we deem it prudent, we engage in hedging programs 

using primarily foreign currency forward contracts aimed at limiting

the impact of foreign currency exchange rate 

fluctuations on earnings.

We purchase short-term (i.e., generally 18 months or less) foreign currency forward 

contracts to protect against currency exchange risks associated with intercompany

loans due from our international 

subsidiaries and the payment of merchandise purchases to foreign

suppliers.

We do not hedge the translation of 

foreign currency profits into U.S. dollars, as we consider foreign

currency translation to be an accounting exposure, 

not an economic exposure.

A hypothetical 5% change in the average value of the U.S. dollar in 2024 compared

to 

foreign currencies would have changed our 2024 reported Net income

attributable to Henry Schein, Inc. by 

approximately $7 million. 

As of December 28, 2024, our forward foreign currency exchange agreements,

which expire through November 3, 

2028, had a fair value of $12 million as determined by quoted market prices.

Included in the forward foreign 

currency exchange agreements, Henry Schein, Inc. had net investment

designated EUR/USD forward contracts 

with notional values of approximately €300 million and reported fair values

of $9 million.

A 5% increase in the 

value of the Euro to the USD from December 28, 2024 would decrease the fair

value of these forward contracts by 

$17 million. 

Total

Return Swaps 

On March 20, 2020, we entered into a total return swap for the purpose

of economically hedging our unfunded non-

qualified supplemental retirement plan and our deferred compensation plan obligation.

At inception, the notional value of the investments in these plans was $43

million.

At December 28, 2024, the 

notional value of the investments in these plans was $106 million.

At December 28, 2024, the financing blended 

rate for this swap was based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate

(“SOFR”) of 4.53% plus 0.61%, for a 

combined rate of 5.14%.

For the years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023, and

December 31, 2022 we 

have recorded a gain/(loss), within selling, general and administrative

expense, of approximately $8 million, $10 

million and $(17) million, respectively, net of transaction costs, related to this undesignated swap.

This swap is 

expected to be renewed on an annual basis and is expected to result

in a neutral impact to our results of operations.

Credit Risk Monitoring 

We limit our credit risk with respect to our cash equivalents, short-term investments and derivative instruments by 

monitoring the credit worthiness of the financial institutions who are

the counterparties to such financial 

instruments.

As a risk management policy, we limit the amount of credit exposure by diversifying and utilizing 

numerous investment grade counterparties. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

71 

Interest Rate Risk 

As of December 28, 2024, we had variable interest rate exposure for certain

of our revolving credit facilities and 

our U.S. trade accounts receivable securitization. 

Our revolving credit facility,

which we entered into on July 11,

2023 and expires on July 11, 2028,

has a variable 

interest rate that is based on the SOFR plus a spread based on our leverage

ratio at the end of each financial 

reporting quarter.

As of December 28, 2024, there was $0 million outstanding under

this revolving credit facility.

During the year ended December 28, 2024, the average outstanding balance was

approximately $50 million.

Based 

upon our average outstanding balances, for each hypothetical increase

of 25 basis points, our interest expense 

thereunder would have increased by $0.1 million. 

Our U.S. trade accounts receivable securitization, which we entered

into on April 17, 2013 and expires on 

December 6, 2027, has a variable interest rate that is based upon the asset-backed

commercial paper rate.

As of 

December 28, 2024, the commercial paper rate was 4.73% plus 0.75%,

for a combined rate of 5.48%,

and the 

outstanding balance under this securitization facility was $150 million.

During the year ended December 28, 2024, 

the average outstanding balance was approximately $252 million.

Based upon our average outstanding balances, 

for each hypothetical increase of 25 basis points, our interest expense thereunder

would have increased by $1 

million. 

On July 11, 2023, we entered into interest rate swap agreements to hedge the cash flow of our variable

rate $750 

million floating debt term loan facility, with three years maturity, effectively changing the floating rate portion of 

our obligation to a fixed rate.

Under the terms of the interest rate swap agreements, we receive variable

interest 

payments based on the one-month Term SOFR rate and pay interest at a fixed rate.

As of December 28, 2024, the 

notional value of the interest rate swap agreements was $713

million.

On July 11, 2023, we entered into a three-year $750 million term loan credit agreement (the “Term Credit 

Agreement”).

The interest rate on this term loan is based on the Term SOFR plus a spread based on our leverage 

ratio at the end of each financial reporting quarter.

This term loan matures on July 11, 2026.

At December 28, 

2024, the interest rate under the Term Credit Agreement was 4.45% plus 1.60% for a combined rate of 6.05%.

However, we have a hedge in place (see 

Note 13 – Derivatives and Hedging Activities

for additional information) 

that ultimately creates an effective fixed rate of 6.04%.

Table of Contents

72 

ITEM 8.

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. 

Page 

Number

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

(BDO USA, P.C.;

New York,

NY; PCAOB 

ID#

243

)

73 

Consolidated Financial Statements

:

Balance Sheets as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023

75 

Statements of Income for the years ended December 28, 2024,

December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022

76 

Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 28, 2024,

December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022

77 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended

December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022

78 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 28, 2024,

December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022

79 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

80 

Note 1 – Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies 

80 

Note 2 – Cyber Incident

91 

Note 3 – Net Sales from Contracts with Customers

92 

Note 4 – Segment and Geographic Data

93 

Note 5 – Business Acquisitions

96 

Note 6 – Inventories, Net

102 

Note 7 – Property and Equipment, Net

102 

Note 8 – Leases

103 

Note 9 – Goodwill and Other Intangibles, Net

105 

Note 10 – Investments and Other

107 

Note 11 – Fair Value Measurements

108 

Note 12 – Concentrations of Risk

110 

Note 13 – Derivatives and Hedging Activities

111 

Note 14 – Debt

113 

Note 15 – Income Taxes

117 

Note 16 – Plans of Restructuring and Integration Costs

121 

Note 17 – Commitments and Contingencies

124 

Note 18 – Stock-Based Compensation

126 

Note 19 – Employee Benefit Plans

129 

Note 20 – Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests

132 

Note 21 – Comprehensive Income

132 

Note 22 – Earnings Per Share

134 

Note 23 – Supplemental Cash Flow Information

134 

Note 24 – Related Party Transactions

135 

Note 25 – Subsequent Event

135 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

73 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders and Board of Directors

Henry Schein, Inc. 

Melville, New York 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We

have

audited

the

accompanying

consolidated

balance

sheets

of

Henry

Schein,

Inc.

(the

“Company”)

as

of 

December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, 

changes in stockholders’ equity,

and cash flows for each of

the three years in the period

ended December 28, 2024, 

and

the

related

notes

(collectively

referred

to

as

the

“consolidated

financial

statements”).

In

our

opinion,

the 

consolidated financial

statements present

fairly,

in

all material

respects, the

financial position

of

the

Company at 

December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three 

years in

the period

ended December

28, 2024,

in conformity

with accounting

principles generally

accepted in

the 

United States of America. 

We

also

have

audited,

in

accordance

with

the

standards

of

the

Public

Company

Accounting

Oversight

Board 

(United

States)

(“PCAOB”),

the

Company's

internal

control

over

financial

reporting

as

of

December

28,

2024, 

based

on

criteria

established

in

Internal

Control

–

Integrated

Framework

(2013)

issued

by

the

Committee

of 

Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and

our report dated February 25, 2025 expressed 

an unqualified opinion thereon. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are

the responsibility of the

Company’s management. Our

responsibility is 

to

express

an

opinion

on

the

Company’s

consolidated

financial

statements

based

on

our

audits.

We

are

a

public 

accounting

firm

registered

with

the

PCAOB

and

are

required

to

be

independent

with

respect

to

the

Company

in 

accordance

with

the

U.S.

federal

securities

laws

and

the

applicable

rules

and

regulations

of

the

Securities

and 

Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We

conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and 

perform

the

audit

to

obtain

reasonable

assurance

about

whether

the

consolidated

financial

statements

are

free

of 

material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial 

statements, whether

due to

error or

fraud, and

performing procedures

that respond

to those

risks. Such

procedures 

included examining,

on a

test basis,

evidence regarding

the amounts

and disclosures

in the

consolidated financial 

statements.

Our audits

also included

evaluating the

accounting principles

used

and significant

estimates made

by 

management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that 

our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical

audit matter

communicated below is

a matter

arising from

the current period

audit of

the consolidated 

financial statements

that was

communicated or

required to

be communicated to

the Audit

Committee and that:

(1) 

relates

to

accounts

or

disclosures

that

are

material

to

the

consolidated

financial

statements

and

(2)

involved

our 

especially challenging, subjective,

or complex

judgments. The

communication of the

critical audit

matter does

not 

alter

in

any

way

our

opinion

on

the

consolidated

financial

statements,

taken

as

a

whole,

and

we

are

not,

by 

communicating the

critical audit

matter below,

providing a

separate opinion

on the

critical audit

matter or

on the 

accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

74 

Business Acquisition - Valuation of Acquired Intangible Assets 

As described in Note 5 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company

acquired TriMed Inc. (“TriMed”) in 

2024\. As a result of this acquisition, management was required

to determine the fair values of the identifiable assets 

acquired and liabilities assumed. In connection with the acquisition of TriMed, the Company recorded

$204 million 

of identifiable intangible assets related to product development. 

We identified the revenue growth rates for certain periods used in the determination of the fair value of the acquired 

product development in the acquisition of TriMed as a critical audit matter. The principal consideration for our 

determination was the subjective judgement required by management

in formulating these revenue growth rates. 

Auditing these considerations involved especially subjective

and challenging auditor judgement due to the nature 

and extent of audit effort required to address these matters. 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter

included: 

●

Evaluating the reasonableness of the revenue growth rates used in the determination

of the fair values of the 

acquired product development

in the

acquisition of TriMed

by: (i) reviewing

the historical performance

of 

the acquired company utilizing their

financial statements, and (ii)

assessing the revenue projections against 

industry metrics for certain periods.

/s/ 

BDO USA,

P.C. 

We have served as the Company's auditor since 1984. 

New York, NY

February 25, 2025

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

See accompanying notes. 

75 

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(in millions, except share data) 

December 28, 

December 30, 

2024 

2023 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents

$ 

122

$ 

171

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of $

78

and $

83

(1) 

1,482

1,863

Inventories, net 

1,810

1,815

Prepaid expenses and other

569

639

Total current assets

3,983

4,488

Property and equipment, net

531

498

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

293

325

Goodwill

3,887

3,875

Other intangibles, net

1,023

916

Investments and other 

501

471

Total assets

$ 

10,218

$ 

10,573

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS AND 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable

$ 

962

$ 

1,020

Bank credit lines

650

264

Current maturities of long-term debt

56

150

Operating lease liabilities 

75

80

Accrued expenses: 

Payroll and related

303

332

Taxes

139

137

Other

618

700

Total current liabilities

2,803

2,683

Long-term debt (1) 

1,830

1,937

Deferred income taxes

102

54

Operating lease liabilities 

259

310

Other liabilities

387

436

Total liabilities

5,381

5,420

Redeemable noncontrolling interests

806

864

Commitments and contingencies

(nil)

(nil)

Stockholders' equity: 

Preferred stock, $

0.01

par value, 

1,000,000

shares authorized, 

none

outstanding 

-

-

Common stock, $

0.01

par value, 

480,000,000

shares authorized, 

124,155,884

outstanding on December 28, 2024 and 

129,247,765

outstanding on December 30, 2023 

1

1

Additional paid-in capital 

-

-

Retained earnings

3,771

3,860

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

(379)

(206)

Total Henry Schein, Inc. stockholders' equity 

3,393

3,655

Noncontrolling interests 

638

634

Total stockholders' equity

4,031

4,289

Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling

interests and stockholders' equity 

$ 

10,218

$ 

10,573

(1)

Amounts presented include balances held by our consolidated variable interest entity (“VIE”).

At December 28, 2024 and 

December 30, 2023, includes trade accounts receivable of $

241

million and $

284

million, respectively, and long-term debt of $

150

million and $

210

million, respectively.

See 

Note 1 – Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies

for further 

information.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

See accompanying notes. 

76 

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS

OF INCOME 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

Years

Ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Net sales

$ 

12,673

$ 

12,339

$ 

12,647

Cost of sales

8,657

8,479

8,816

Gross profit

4,016

3,860

3,831

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative

3,034

2,956

2,771

Depreciation and amortization 

251

209

182

Restructuring and integration costs 

110

80

131

Operating income

621

615

747

Other income (expense): 

Interest income

24

17

8

Interest expense

(131)

(87)

(35)

Other, net

(1)

(3)

1

Income before taxes, equity in earnings of affiliates and 

noncontrolling interests 

513

542

721

Income taxes

(128)

(120)

(170)

Equity in earnings of affiliates, net of tax 

13

14

15

Net income 

398

436

566

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests

(8)

(20)

(28)

Net income attributable to Henry Schein, Inc.

$ 

390

$ 

416

$ 

538

Earnings per share attributable to Henry Schein, Inc.: 

Basic

$ 

3.07

$ 

3.18

$ 

3.95

Diluted

$ 

3.05

$ 

3.16

$ 

3.91

Weighted-average common

shares outstanding: 

Basic

126,788,997

130,618,990

136,064,221

Diluted

127,779,228

131,748,171

137,755,670

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

See accompanying notes. 

77 

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS

OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

(in millions) 

Years

Ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Net income

$ 

398

$ 

436

$ 

566

Other comprehensive income, net of tax: 

Foreign currency translation gain (loss)

(207)

53

(88)

Unrealized gain (loss) from hedging activities

13

(18)

7

Pension adjustment gain (loss) 

(3)

(3)

12

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax

(197)

32

(69)

Comprehensive income

201

468

497

Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests:

Net income

(8)

(20)

(28)

Foreign currency translation loss (gain) 

24

(5)

7

Comprehensive loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests

16

(25)

(21)

Comprehensive income attributable to Henry Schein, Inc.

$ 

217

$ 

443

$ 

476

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

See accompanying notes. 

78 

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS

OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

(in millions,

except share data) 

Accumulated 

Common Stock 

Additional

Other 

Total

$.01 Par Value 

Paid-in 

Retained

Comprehensive 

Noncontrolling

Stockholders' 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Earnings 

Income (Loss) 

Interests 

Equity 

Balance, December 25, 2021

137,145,558

$ 

1

$ 

-

$ 

3,595

$ 

(171)

$ 

638

$ 

4,063

Net income (excluding $

21

attributable to Redeemable 

noncontrolling interests) 

\- 

-

-

538

-

7

545

Foreign currency translation loss (excluding loss of $

6

attributable to Redeemable noncontrolling interests) 

\- 

-

-

-

(81)

(1)

(82)

Unrealized gain from hedging activities,

net of tax of $

3

\- 

-

-

-

7

-

7

Pension adjustment gain, including tax of $

4

\- 

-

-

-

12

-

12

Distributions to noncontrolling shareholders

\- 

-

-

-

-

(1)

(1)

Purchase of noncontrolling interests

\- 

-

-

-

-

(7)

(7)

Change in fair value of redeemable securities

\- 

-

4

-

-

-

4

Noncontrolling interests and adjustments related to

business acquisitions

\- 

-

-

-

-

13

13

Repurchase and retirement of common stock

(6,111,676)

-

(65)

(420)

-

-

(485)

Stock issued upon exercise of stock options 

35,792

-

2

-

-

-

2

Stock-based compensation expense

1,102,108

-

54

-

-

-

54

Shares withheld for payroll taxes

(376,034)

-

(32)

-

-

-

(32)

Settlement of stock-based compensation awards

(2,931)

-

2

-

-

-

2

Transfer of charges in excess of capital

\- 

-

35

(35)

-

-

-

Balance, December 31, 2022

131,792,817

1

-

3,678

(233)

649

4,095

Net income (excluding $

6

attributable to Redeemable 

noncontrolling interests) 

\- 

-

-

416

-

14

430

Foreign currency translation gain (excluding gain of $

5

attributable to Redeemable noncontrolling interests) 

\- 

-

-

-

48

-

48

Unrealized loss from hedging activities,

including tax benefit of $

7

\- 

-

-

-

(18)

-

(18)

Pension adjustment loss, including tax benefit of $

0

\- 

-

-

-

(3)

-

(3)

Distributions to noncontrolling shareholders

\- 

-

-

-

-

(27)

(27)

Change in fair value of redeemable securities

\- 

-

11

-

-

-

11

Noncontrolling interests and adjustments related to

business acquisitions

\- 

-

-

-

-

(2)

(2)

Repurchase and retirement of common stock

(3,214,136)

-

(33)

(219)

-

-

(252)

Stock issued upon exercise of stock options 

21,068

-

1

-

-

-

1

Stock-based compensation expense

1,065,319

-

39

-

-

-

39

Shares withheld for payroll taxes

(416,605)

-

(34)

-

-

-

(34)

Settlement of stock-based compensation awards

(698)

-

1

-

-

-

1

Transfer of charges in excess of capital

\- 

-

15

(15)

-

-

-

Balance, December 30, 2023 

129,247,765

1

-

3,860

(206)

634

4,289

Net income (excluding loss of $

1

attributable to Redeemable 

noncontrolling interests) 

\- 

-

-

390

-

9

399

Foreign currency translation loss (excluding loss of $

24

attributable to Redeemable noncontrolling interests) 

\- 

-

-

-

(183)

-

(183)

Unrealized gain from hedging activities,

including tax of $

5

\- 

-

-

-

13

-

13

Pension adjustment loss, including tax benefit of $

2

\- 

-

-

-

(3)

-

(3)

Distributions to noncontrolling shareholders

\- 

-

-

-

-

(6)

(6)

Purchase of noncontrolling interests

\- 

-

(7)

-

-

(1)

(8)

Change in fair value of redeemable securities

\- 

-

(119)

-

-

-

(119)

Noncontrolling interests and adjustments related to

business acquisitions

\- 

-

(1)

-

-

2

1

Repurchase and retirement of common stock

(5,419,649)

-

(52)

(336)

-

-

(388)

Stock issued upon exercise of stock options 

98,755

-

6

-

-

-

6

Stock-based compensation expense

340,722

-

39

-

-

-

39

Shares withheld for payroll taxes

(111,815)

-

(9)

-

-

-

(9)

Settlement of stock-based compensation awards

106

-

-

-

-

-

-

Transfer of charges in excess of capital

\- 

-

143

(143)

-

-

-

Balance, December 28, 2024

124,155,884

$ 

1

$ 

-

$ 

3,771

$ 

(379)

$ 

638

$ 

4,031

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

See accompanying notes. 

79 

HENRY SCHEIN, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS

OF CASH FLOWS 

(in millions) 

Years Ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income

$ 

398

$ 

436

$ 

566

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided

by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization

297

248

212

Impairment charge on intangible assets 

-

7

34

Impairment of capitalized software 

12

27

-

Non-cash restructuring charges 

32

27

93

Stock-based compensation expense

39

39

54

Provision for losses on trade and other accounts receivable

14

18

5

Benefit from deferred income taxes

(61)

(20)

(73)

Equity in earnings of affiliates

(13)

(14)

(15)

Distributions from equity affiliates

12

15

15

Changes in unrecognized tax benefits

5

10

12

Other

(27)

(3)

(20)

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions: 

Accounts receivable

315

(327)

(7)

Inventories

(59)

231

(126)

Other current assets

47

(138)

(52)

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

(163)

(56)

(96)

Net cash provided by operating activities

848

500

602

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

(148)

(147)

(96)

Payments related to equity investments and business acquisitions, 

net of cash acquired

(230)

(955)

(158)

Proceeds from loan to affiliate 

4

6

11

Settlements for net investment hedges 

-

22

-

Capitalized software costs 

(39)

(40)

(32)

Other

(17)

(21)

(1)

Net cash used in investing activities

(430)

(1,135)

(276)

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net change in bank credit lines 

387

153

48

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt

120

1,368

270

Principal payments for long-term debt

(318)

(468)

(59)

Debt issuance costs

-

(3)

-

Proceeds from issuance of stock upon exercise of stock options

6

1

2

Payments for repurchases and retirement of common stock

(385)

(250)

(485)

Payments for taxes related to shares withheld for employee

taxes 

(9)

(34)

(32)

Distributions to noncontrolling shareholders 

(54)

(47)

(21)

Payments for contingent consideration 

(2)

-

-

Acquisitions of noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries

(255)

(19)

(38)

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

(510)

701

(315)

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

43

(12)

(12)

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

(49)

54

(1)

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period

171

117

118

Cash and cash equivalents, end of period

$ 

122

$ 

171

$ 

117

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

80 

Note 1 – Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies

Nature of Operations 

We distribute health care products and value-added services primarily to office-based dental and medical 

practitioners, across dental practices, laboratories, physician practices,

and ambulatory surgery centers, as well as 

government, institutional health care clinics and alternate care clinics.

We also provide software and technology 

services to health care practitioners.

Our dental businesses serve office-based dental practitioners, dental 

laboratories, schools, government and other institutions.

Our medical businesses serve physician offices, urgent 

care centers, ambulatory care sites, emergency medical technicians, dialysis centers,

home health, federal and state 

governments and large enterprises, such as group practices and integrated delivery

networks, among other providers 

across a wide range of specialties. 

We have operations or affiliates in the United States, Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, 

China, the Czech Republic, France, Germany, Hong Kong SAR, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Liechtenstein, 

Luxembourg, Mexico, Morocco, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Peru, Poland, Portugal, South

Africa, Spain, 

Sweden, Switzerland, Thailand, United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom.

Basis of Presentation 

Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Henry

Schein, Inc. and all of our controlled 

subsidiaries and VIE.

All intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated

in consolidation.

Investments in 

unconsolidated affiliates for which we have the ability to influence the operating or

financial decisions are 

accounted for under the equity method.

Certain prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform

to the 

current period presentation.

These reclassifications, individually and in the aggregate, did not

have a material 

impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations

or cash flows. 

The primary beneficiary of a VIE is required to consolidate the assets and

liabilities of the VIE.

We are deemed to 

be the primary beneficiary of the VIE when we have the power to direct activities

that most significantly affect its 

economic performance and have the obligation to absorb the majority

of its losses or the right to receive benefits 

that could potentially be significant to the VIE.

In determining whether we are the primary beneficiary, we 

consider factors such as ownership interest, debt investments, management

representation, authority to control 

decisions, and contractual and substantive participating rights of each party.

For this VIE, the trade accounts 

receivable transferred to the VIE are pledged as collateral to the related debt.

The VIE’s creditors have recourse to 

us for losses on these trade accounts receivable.

At December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023,

certain trade 

accounts receivable that can only be used to settle obligations of this VIE

were $

241

million and $

284

million, 

respectively, and the liabilities of this VIE where the creditors have recourse to us were $

150

million and $

210

million, respectively.

Fair Value

Measurements 

Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or

paid to transfer a liability in an orderly 

transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

The fair value hierarchy distinguishes between 

(1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained

from independent sources (observable 

inputs) and (2) an entity’s own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best 

information available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). 

The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels, which gives the

highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices 

in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority

to unobservable inputs (Level 3).

The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described as follows: 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

81 

•

Level 1— Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets

or liabilities that are accessible at the 

measurement date. 

•

Level 2— Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are

observable for the asset or liability, 

either directly or indirectly.

Level 2 inputs include: quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities

in active markets; 

quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets

that are not active; inputs other than quoted 

prices that are observable for the asset or liability; and inputs that are

derived principally from or corroborated by 

observable market data by correlation or other means. 

•

Level 3— Inputs that are unobservable for the asset or liability.

See 

Note 11 – Fair Value Measurements

for additional information. 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with

accounting principles generally accepted in 

the United States requires us to make estimates and assumptions that

affect the reported amounts of assets and 

liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of

the financial statements and the reported 

amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.

Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Our consolidated financial statements reflect estimates and assumptions

made by us that affect, among other things, 

our goodwill, long-lived asset and definite-lived intangible asset valuation;

inventory valuation; equity investment 

valuation; assessment of the annual effective tax rate; valuation of deferred income

taxes and income tax 

contingencies; the allowance for credit losses; hedging activity; supplier

rebates; measurement of compensation 

cost for certain share-based performance awards and cash bonus plans; and

pension plan assumptions.

Fiscal Year 

We report our results of operations and cash flows on a 

52

or 

53

weeks per fiscal year basis ending on the last 

Saturday of December.

The year ended December 28, 2024 consisted of 

52

weeks, and the years ended December 

30, 2023 and December 31, 2022 consisted of 

52

weeks and 

53

weeks, respectively.

Revenue Recognition

Revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods

or services in an amount that reflects the 

consideration that we expect to receive for those goods or services.

To recognize revenue, we: 

•

identify the contract(s) with a customer;

•

identify the performance obligations in the contract;

•

determine the transaction price;

•

allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract;

and

•

recognize revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation. 

We generate revenue from the sale of dental and medical consumable products, equipment, and services such as 

equipment repair and financial services (Global Distribution and Value-Added Services revenues), company-

manufactured specialty products (Global Specialty Products revenue), and software

products and related services 

(Global Technology revenues).

Provisions for discounts, rebates to customers, customer

returns and other contra 

revenue adjustments are included in the transaction price at contract

inception by estimating the most likely amount 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

82 

based upon historical data and estimates and are provided for in the

period in which the related sales are 

recognized. 

Revenue derived from the sale of consumable products and company-manufactured

specialty products is 

recognized at the point in time when control transfers to the customer, (e.g. when legal title and risks and

rewards 

of ownership transfer to the customer, we have no post-shipment obligations, and we have an enforceable

right to 

payment).

Sales of consumable products typically entail high-volume, low-dollar

orders shipped using third-party 

common carriers.

Revenue derived from the sale of equipment is recognized when control

transfers to the customer.

This occurs 

when the equipment is delivered.

Such sales typically entail scheduled deliveries of large equipment primarily

by 

equipment service technicians.

Most equipment requires minimal installation, which is

typically completed at the 

time of delivery. 

Our merchandise and equipment products generally carry standard warranty

terms provided by the manufacturer; 

however, in instances where we provide a warranty on company-manufactured products or labor services, the 

warranty costs are accrued in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification

(“ASC”) Topic 460 Guarantees.

At December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, we had accrued approximately

$

8

million and $

12

million, 

respectively, for warranty costs.

Revenue derived from the sale of software products is recognized when

products are delivered to customers or 

made available electronically.

Such software is generally installed by customers and does

not require extensive 

training.

Revenue derived from post-contract customer support for software,

including annual support and/or 

training, is generally recognized over time using time elapsed as the input method

that best depicts the transfer of 

control to the customer.

Revenue derived from software sold on a Software-as-a-Service

basis is recognized ratably 

over the subscription period as control is transferred to the customer. 

Revenue derived from other sources, including freight charges, equipment repairs

and financial services, is 

recognized when the related product revenue is recognized or when

the services are provided.

We apply the 

practical expedient to treat shipping and handling activities performed after

the customer obtains control as 

fulfillment activities, rather than a separate performance obligation in the

contract. 

Sales, value-add and other taxes we collect concurrent with revenue-producing

activities are excluded from 

revenue. 

Some of our revenue is derived from bundled arrangements that include

multiple distinct performance obligations, 

which are accounted for separately.

When we sell software products together with related services (i.e.,

training 

and technical support), we allocate the transaction price to each

distinct performance obligation based on the 

estimated standalone selling price for each performance obligation.

Bundled arrangements that include elements 

that are not considered software consist primarily of equipment and the related

installation service.

We allocate 

revenue for such arrangements based on the relative selling prices of the goods

or services.

If an observable selling 

price is not available (i.e., because we or others do not sell the goods or

services separately), we use one of the 

following techniques to estimate the standalone selling price: adjusted

market approach; cost-plus-margin 

approach; or the residual method.

There is no specific hierarchy for the use of these methods, but

the estimated 

selling price reflects our best estimate of what the selling prices of each deliverable

would be if it were sold 

regularly on a standalone basis taking into consideration the cost structure

of our business, technical skill required, 

customer location and other market conditions.

See 

Note 3 – Net Sales from Contracts with Customers

for additional disclosures of disaggregated net sales and 

Note 4 – Segment and Geographic Data

for disclosures of net sales by segment and geographic data.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

83 

Sales Returns 

Sales returns are recognized as a reduction of revenue by the amount

of expected returns and are recorded as refund 

liability within accrued expenses-other within our consolidated balance sheets.

We estimate the sales return 

liability based on historical data for specific products, adjusted as necessary

for new products.

The allowance for 

returns is presented gross as a refund liability and we record a right of

return asset (and a corresponding adjustment 

to cost of sales) for any products that we expect to be returned and resaleable. 

Cost of Sales 

The primary components of cost of sales include the cost of the product

(net of purchase discounts, supplier 

chargebacks and rebates) and inbound and outbound freight charges. 

Costs related to purchasing, receiving, inspections, warehousing,

internal inventory transfers and other costs of our 

distribution network are included in selling, general and administrative

expenses along with other operating costs.

Total distribution network costs were $

105

million, $

105

million and $

103

million for the years ended December 

28, 2024, December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively.

Supplier Rebates 

Supplier rebates are included as a reduction of cost of sales and are recognized

over the period they are earned.

The 

factors we consider in estimating supplier rebate accruals include forecasted

inventory purchases,

sales, supplier 

rebate contract terms, which generally provide for increasing rebates based

on either increased purchase or sales 

volumes.

Direct Shipping and Handling Costs 

Freight and other direct shipping costs are included in cost of sales.

Direct handling costs, which represent 

primarily direct compensation costs of employees who pick, pack and otherwise

prepare, if necessary, merchandise 

for shipment to our customers are reflected in selling, general and administrative

expenses.

Direct handling costs 

were $

106

million, $

98

million and $

96

million for the years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023

and 

December 31, 2022, respectively.

Advertising and Promotional Costs 

We expense advertising and promotional costs as incurred.

Total advertising and promotional expenses were $

43

million, $

47

million and $

47

million for the years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023 and

December 

31, 2022, respectively.

Stock-Based Compensation Costs

We 

measure stock-based compensation at the grant date, based on the estimated

fair value of the award, and 

recognize the cost (net of estimated forfeitures) as compensation expense on

a straight-line basis over the requisite 

service period for time-based restricted stock units and on a graded vesting

basis for the option awards.

For 

performance-based awards, at each reporting date, we reassess whether achievement

of the performance condition 

is probable and accrue compensation expense when achievement of

the performance condition is probable.

Our 

stock-based compensation expense is reflected in selling, general and administrative

expenses.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

84 

Employment Benefit Plans and other Postretirement Benefit Plans

Some of our employees in our international markets participate

in various noncontributory defined benefit plans.

We recognize the funded status, measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the projected 

benefit obligation.

Each unfunded plan is recognized as a liability and each funded

plan is recognized as either an 

asset or liability based on its funded status.

We measure our plan assets and liabilities at the end of our fiscal year. 

Net periodic pension costs and valuations are dependent on assumptions

used by third-party actuaries in calculating 

those amounts.

These assumptions include discount rates, expected return on plan

assets, rate of future 

compensation levels, retirement rates, mortality rates, and other factors.

We record the service cost component of 

net pension cost in selling, general and administrative expenses within

our consolidated statements of income. 

Gains and losses that result from changes in actuarial assumptions or

from actual experience that differs from 

actuarial assumptions are recognized in and then amortized from Accumulated

other comprehensive income (loss).

Cash and Cash Equivalents

We consider all highly liquid short-term investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash 

equivalents.

Due to the short-term maturity of such investments,

the carrying amounts are a reasonable estimate of 

fair value.

Outstanding checks in excess of funds on deposit of $

33

million and $

52

million, primarily related to 

payments for inventory, were classified as accounts payable as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023.

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Credit Losses 

Accounts receivable are generally recognized when revenues are recognized.

In accordance with the “expected 

credit loss” model, the carrying amount of accounts receivable is reduced

by a valuation allowance that reflects our 

best estimate of the amounts that we do not expect to collect.

In addition to reviewing delinquent accounts 

receivable, we consider many factors in estimating our reserve, including

types of customers and their credit 

worthiness, experience and historical data adjusted for current conditions

and reasonable supportable forecasts.

We 

record allowances for credit losses based upon a specific review of all

significant outstanding invoices.

For 

those invoices not specifically reviewed, provisions are provided at differing rates,

based upon the age of the 

receivable, the collection history associated with the geographic region

that the receivable was recorded in, current 

economic trends and reasonable supportable forecasts.

We 

write off a receivable and charge it against its recorded 

allowance when we deem them uncollectible. 

Our net accounts receivable balance was $

1,482

million, $

1,863

million, and $

1,442

million, at December 28, 2024, 

December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022, respectively. 

The following table presents our allowances for credit losses:

As of 

Description 

December 28, 

2024 

December 30, 

2023 

December 31, 

2022 

Balance at beginning of year 

$ 

83

$ 

65

$ 

67

Provision for credit losses 

14

17

6

Adjustments to existing allowances for late fees, foreign currency 

exchange rates, and write-offs 

(19)

1

(8)

Balance at end of year 

$ 

78

$ 

83

$ 

65

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

85 

Contract Assets 

Contract assets include amounts related to any conditional right to consideration

for work completed but not billed 

as of the reporting date.

Contract assets are transferred to accounts receivable when

the right becomes 

unconditional.

The contract assets primarily relate to our bundled arrangements for

the sale of equipment and 

consumables and sales of term software licenses.

Current contract assets are included in Prepaid expenses and 

other and the non-current contract assets are included in investments and other

within our consolidated balance 

sheets.

Current and non-current contract asset balances as of December 28,

2024 and December 30, 2023 were not 

material. 

Contract Liabilities 

Contract liabilities are comprised of advance payments and upfront payments

for service arrangements provided 

over time that are accounted for as deferred revenue amounts.

Contract liabilities are transferred to revenue once 

the performance obligation has been satisfied.

Current contract liabilities are included in accrued expenses: other 

and the non-current contract liabilities are included in other liabilities

within our consolidated balance sheets. 

During the years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023, and December

31, 2022, we recognized 

substantially all of the current contract liability amounts that were previously

deferred at the beginning of each 

year. 

The following table presents our contract liabilities:

As of 

Description 

December 28, 

2024 

December 30, 

2023 

December 31, 

2022 

Current contract liabilities 

$ 

81

$ 

89

$ 

86

Non-current contract liabilities 

8

9

8

Total contract

liabilities 

$ 

89

$ 

98

$ 

94

Inventories and Reserves

Inventories consist primarily of finished goods,

raw materials and work-in-process and are valued at the lower

of 

cost or net realizable value.

Cost is determined by the weighted average method for merchandise and by

actual cost 

for large equipment and high-tech equipment.

We manufacture certain of our products for our specialty businesses 

(oral surgery solutions including dental implants, endodontics, and orthopedics).

In accordance with our policy for 

inventory valuation, we consider many factors including the

condition and salability of the inventory, historical 

sales, forecasted sales and market and economic trends.

From time to time, we adjust our assumptions for 

anticipated changes in any of these or other factors expected to affect the value of inventory.

Property and Equipment

Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation or

amortization.

Depreciation is 

computed under the straight-line method using estimated useful lives

(See 

Note 7 – Property and Equipment, Net

for estimated useful lives).

Amortization of leasehold improvements is computed using the straight-line

method 

over the lesser of the useful life of the assets or the remaining lease term.

Capitalized Software Development Costs 

Capitalized software costs consist of costs to purchase and develop software

for internal use and for sale or use by 

customers.

For software to be used solely to meet internal needs, we capitalize

costs incurred during the 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

86 

application development stage and include such costs within property

and equipment, net within our consolidated 

balance sheets.

For software to be sold, leased, or marketed to external users, we capitalize

software development 

costs when technological feasibility is reached, and for cloud-based applications

used to deliver our services we 

capitalize costs incurred during the application development stage,

and include such costs within investments and 

other within our consolidated balance sheets.

Leases 

We 

determine if an arrangement contains a lease at inception.

An arrangement contains a lease if it implicitly or 

explicitly identifies an asset to be used and conveys the right to control

the use of the identified asset in exchange 

for consideration.

As a lessee, we include operating leases in operating lease right-of-use

(“ROU”) assets, 

operating lease liabilities, and non-current operating lease liabilities in our

consolidated balance sheets.

Finance 

leases are included in property and equipment, current maturities of

long-term debt, and long-term debt in our 

consolidated balance sheets.

ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease

term and lease liabilities represent our 

obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease.

Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized 

upon commencement of the lease based on the present value of the lease payments

over the lease term.

As most of 

our leases do not provide an implicit interest rate, we generally use our incremental

borrowing rate based on the 

estimated rate of interest for fully collateralized and fully amortizing borrowings

over a similar term of the lease 

payments at commencement date to determine the present value of

lease payments.

When readily determinable, we 

use the implicit rate.

Our lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably 

certain that we will exercise that option.

Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line

basis 

over the lease term.

Expenses associated with operating leases and finance leases

are included in selling, general 

and administrative and interest expense, respectively within our consolidated

statement of income.

Short-term 

leases with a term of 12 months or less are not capitalized. 

We 

have lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are

generally accounted for as a single 

lease component, except non-lease components for leases of vehicles, which

are accounted for separately.

When a 

vehicle lease contains both lease and non-lease components, we allocate the

transaction price based on the relative 

standalone selling price.

Business Acquisitions

We account for business acquisitions under the acquisition method of accounting, under which the net assets of 

acquired businesses are recorded at their fair value at the acquisition

date and our consolidated financial statements 

include the acquired businesses’ results of operations from that date. 

Some prior owners of acquired subsidiaries are eligible to receive additional

purchase price cash consideration, or 

we may be entitled to recoup a portion of purchase price cash consideration

if certain financial targets are met.

We 

have accrued liabilities for the estimated fair value of additional purchase

price consideration at the time of the 

acquisition, using the income approach, including a probability-weighted

discounted cash flow method or an option 

pricing method, where applicable.

Any adjustments to these accrual amounts are recorded

in selling, general and 

administrative within our consolidated statements of income.

While we use our best estimates and assumptions to accurately value

assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the 

acquisition date, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject

to refinement.

As a result, within 

12 months

following the date of acquisition, or the measurement period, we

may record adjustments to the assets acquired and 

liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill within our consolidated balance

sheets.

At the end of 

the measurement period or final determination of the values of such assets

acquired or liabilities assumed, 

whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recognized

in our consolidated statements of operations.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

87 

Goodwill

Any excess of acquisition consideration over the fair value of identifiable

net assets acquired is recorded as 

goodwill.

Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits

arising from other assets acquired in a 

business combination that are not individually identified and separately

recognized, such as future customers and 

technology, as well as the assembled workforce. 

Goodwill represents, for acquired business, the excess of the purchase price

over the estimated fair value of the net 

assets acquired, including the amount assigned to identifiable intangible

assets.

Goodwill is subject to impairment 

analysis annually or more frequently if needed.

Such impairment analyses for goodwill requires a comparison

of 

the fair value to the carrying value of reporting units.

We aggregate operating segments into the reportable 

segments based on economic similarities, the nature of their products, customer

basis, and methods of distribution 

as follows: Global Distribution and Value-Added Services; Global Specialty Products;

and Global Technology.

Goodwill was allocated to such reporting units, for the purpose of

preparing our impairment analyses, based on a 

specific identification basis. 

During the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 28, 2024,

we revised our segment structure to align 

with how our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer manages the business, assesses

performance and allocates 

resources.

Our revised reportable segments now consist of: (i) Global Distribution

and Value

-Added Services; (ii) 

Global Specialty Products;

and (iii) Global Technology.

Reporting units under the former structure were tested for 

impairment, and no impairment was identified.

As a result of the realignment and the change in operating 

segments, we reallocated goodwill to each of our new reporting units using

a relative fair value approach.

Based on 

the impairment test under the new structure, it was determined that the

fair values of our reporting units more likely 

than not exceeded their carrying values, resulting in no impairment.

For both the former and new structure 

goodwill impairment tests as of September 30, 2024, the fair values of reporting

units were computed using the 

methodology described above. 

Application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including

the identification of reporting units, 

assignment of assets and liabilities that are considered shared services

to the reporting units, and ultimately the 

determination of the fair value of each reporting unit.

The fair value of each reporting unit is calculated by 

applying the discounted cash flow methodology and confirming with

a market approach.

There are inherent 

uncertainties related to fair value models, the inputs and our judgments

in applying them to this analysis.

The most 

significant inputs include estimation of future cash flows based on budget

expectations, and determination of 

comparable companies to develop a weighted average cost of capital for each

reporting unit. 

In connection with our restructuring initiatives, during the year ended

December 28, 2024, we recorded an $

11

million impairment of goodwill in the Global Specialty Products segment,

relating to the disposal of a portion of a 

business; such impairment was calculated based on the relative fair value

of goodwill.

For the year ended 

December 31, 2022, we recorded a $

20

million impairment of goodwill, in the Global Specialty Products segment, 

relating to the disposal of an unprofitable business for which estimated

fair value was lower than carrying value.

Intangible Assets

In connection with our business acquisitions, the major classes of

assets and liabilities to which we generally 

allocate acquisition consideration to, excluding goodwill, include

identifiable intangible assets (i.e., customer 

relationships and lists, trademarks and trade names, product development

and non-compete agreements), inventory 

and accounts receivable.

The estimated fair value of identifiable intangible assets

is based on critical judgments 

and assumptions derived from analysis of market conditions, including

discount rates, projected revenue growth 

rates (which are based on historical trends and assessment of financial projections),

estimated customer attrition and 

projected cash flows.

We have calculated the value of these intangible assets using the multi-period excess 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

88 

earnings method, the relief-from-royalty method, and the with and without

method, where applicable.

These 

assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and

market conditions. 

Intangible assets, other than goodwill, are evaluated for impairment whenever

events or changes in circumstances 

indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable

through the undiscounted future cash flows 

expected to be derived from such asset or asset group. 

Definite and indefinite-lived intangible assets primarily consist of non-compete

agreements, trademarks, trade 

names, customer lists, customer relationships and product development.

For long-lived assets used in operations, 

impairment losses are only recorded if the asset or asset groups carrying amount

is not recoverable through its 

undiscounted future cash flows.

We measure the impairment loss based on the difference between the carrying 

amount and the estimated fair value.

When an impairment exists, the related assets are written down to

fair value. 

During the years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023

and December 31, 2022, we recorded total 

impairment charges within the selling, general and administrative line of our consolidated statements

of income on 

intangible assets of $

0

million, $

7

million and $

34

million, respectively, as more fully discussed in

Note 9 –

Goodwill and Other Intangibles, Net

.

During the years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023

and 

December 31, 2022, we recorded impairment charges, within the restructuring and

integration costs line of our 

consolidated statements of income, of $

14

million, $

12

, million, and $

35

million, respectively.

See 

Note 16 – Plans 

of Restructuring and Integration Costs

for additional information. 

Income Taxes

We account for income taxes under an asset and liability approach that requires the recognition of deferred income 

tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events

that have been recognized in our 

financial statements or tax returns.

In estimating future tax consequences, we generally consider all expected

future 

events other than expected enactments of changes in tax laws or rates.

The effect on deferred income tax assets and 

liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized as income or expense in

the period that includes the enactment date.

We file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return with our 80% or greater owned U.S. subsidiaries.

Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests 

Some minority stockholders in certain of our consolidated subsidiaries have

the right, at certain times, to require us 

to acquire their ownership interest in those entities at fair value.

Their interests in these subsidiaries are classified 

outside permanent equity on our consolidated balance sheets and are

carried at the estimated redemption amounts.

The redemption amounts have been estimated based on recent transactions

and/or implied multiples of earnings 

and, if such earnings and cash flows are not achieved, the value of the

redeemable noncontrolling interests might be 

impacted.

Changes in the estimated redemption amounts of the noncontrolling

interests subject to put options are 

reflected at each reporting period with a corresponding adjustment

to Additional paid-in capital.

Future reductions 

in the carrying amounts are subject to a “floor” amount that is equal

to the fair value of the redeemable 

noncontrolling interests at the time they were originally recorded.

The recorded value of the redeemable 

noncontrolling interests cannot go below the floor level.

Adjustments to the carrying amount of noncontrolling 

interests to reflect a fair value redemption feature do not impact the

calculation of earnings per share.

Our net 

income is reduced by the portion of the subsidiaries’ net income

that is attributable to redeemable noncontrolling 

interests.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

89 

Noncontrolling Interests 

Noncontrolling interest represents the ownership interests of certain

minority owners of our consolidated 

subsidiaries.

Our net income is reduced by the portion of the subsidiaries’

net income that is attributable to 

noncontrolling interests.

Comprehensive Income 

Comprehensive income includes certain gains and losses that, under accounting

principles generally accepted in the 

United States, are excluded from net income as such amounts are recorded

directly as an adjustment to 

stockholders’ equity.

Our comprehensive income is primarily comprised of net income,

foreign currency 

translation gain (loss), unrealized gain (loss) from hedging activities

and unrealized pension adjustment gain.

Risk Management and Derivative Financial Instruments

We use derivative instruments to minimize our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, interest 

rates, and our unfunded non-qualified supplemental retirement plan (“SERP”)

and our deferred compensation plan 

(“DCP”).

Our objective is to manage the impact that foreign currency

exchange rate fluctuations could have on 

recognized asset and liability fair values, earnings and cash flows, as well

as our net investments in foreign 

subsidiaries, the interest rate risk on variable rate debt, and the returns on

our SERP and DCP.

Our risk 

management policy requires that derivative contracts used as hedges be

effective at reducing the risks associated 

with the exposure being hedged and be designated hedges at inception

of the contracts.

We do not enter into 

derivative instruments for speculative purposes.

Our derivative instruments primarily include foreign currency 

forward contracts, total return swaps, and interest rate swaps.

Foreign currency forward agreements related to forecasted inventory

purchase commitments with foreign suppliers, 

foreign currency swaps related to foreign currency denominated debt, and

interest rate swaps related to variable rate 

debt are designated as cash flow hedges.

For derivatives that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges,

the 

changes in the fair value of the derivatives are recorded as a

component of Accumulated other comprehensive 

income in stockholders’ equity and subsequently reclassified into

earnings in the period(s) during which the hedged 

transactions affect earnings.

We classify the cash flows related to our hedging activities in the same category in our 

consolidated statements of cash flows as the cash flows related

to the hedged item. 

Foreign currency forward contracts related to our euro-denominated

foreign operations are designated as net 

investment hedges.

For derivatives that are designated and qualify as net investment

hedges, changes in the fair 

value of the derivatives are recorded in the foreign currency translation gain

(loss) component of Accumulated 

other comprehensive income in stockholders’ equity until the net

investment is sold or substantially liquidated. 

Interest swap agreements are entered into for the purpose of hedging

the cash flow of our variable interest rate term 

loan. 

Our foreign currency forward agreements related to foreign currency

balance sheet exposure provide economic 

hedges but are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes. 

For agreements not designated as hedges, changes in the value of the derivative,

along with the transaction gain or 

loss on the hedged item, are recorded in other, net, within our consolidated statements of income. 

Total return swaps are entered into for the purpose of economically hedging our SERP and DCP.

These swaps are 

expected to be renewed on an annual basis.

Changes in the fair values of these total return swaps are recorded in 

selling, general, and administrative expenses within our consolidated

statements of income and offset recognized 

changes in the fair values of our SERP and DCP liabilities.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

90 

Foreign Currency Translation

and Transactions

The financial position and results of operations of our foreign subsidiaries

are determined using local currencies as 

the functional currencies.

Assets and liabilities of foreign subsidiaries are translated at the exchange

rate in effect at 

each year-end.

Income statement accounts are translated at the average rate

of exchange prevailing during the year.

Translation adjustments arising from the use of differing exchange rates from period to period are included

in 

Accumulated other comprehensive income in stockholders’ equity.

Gains and losses resulting from foreign 

currency transactions are included in earnings.

Accounting Pronouncements Adopted 

During the year ended December 28, 2024, we adopted Accounting Standards

Update (“ASU”) 2023-07, “

Segment 

Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segments

” (“Topic 280”),

which aims to improve financial 

reporting by requiring disclosure of incremental segment information on an annual

and interim basis for all public 

entities to enable investors to develop more decision-useful financial analyses.

The amendments in Topic 280 do 

not change how a public entity identifies its operating segments, aggregates

those operating segments, or applies 

the quantitative thresholds to determine its reportable segments.

We adopted Topic

280 on a retrospective basis, 

which resulted in the required additional disclosures included in our 2024

fiscal year annual consolidated financial 

statements.

During the year ended December 30, 2023, we adopted ASC Topic 848, 

“Reference Rate Reform” (Topic 848): 

Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting”

which provides optional expedients 

and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships and

other transactions affected by the 

discontinuation of the London Interbank Offered Rate or by another reference rate

expected to be discontinued 

because of reference rate reform.

The adoption of Topic 848 did not have a material impact on our consolidated 

financial statements. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 

In November 2024, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update 

(“ASU”) 2024-03, “

Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosure 

(Subtopic 220-40)

: 

Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses

,” which requires additional disclosure about the 

specific expense categories in the notes to financial statements at interim and

annual reporting periods.

The 

amendments in this ASU do not change or remove current expense

disclosure requirements but affect where this 

information appears in the notes to financial statements.

This ASU is effective for annual reporting periods 

beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods beginning

after December 15, 2027, with early 

adoption permitted.

Upon adoption, the guidance can be applied prospectively or retrospectively.

We are currently 

evaluating the impact that ASU 2024-03 will have on our consolidated

financial statements. 

In March 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-01, “

Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Scope 

Application of Profits Interest and Similar Awards,

” which clarifies how to determine whether profits interest and 

similar awards should be accounted for as a share-based payment arrangement

under Topic 718 or within the scope 

of other guidance.

The ASU provides an illustrative example with multiple fact patterns

and amends the structure 

of paragraph 718-10-15-3 of Topic 718 to improve its clarity and operability.

The guidance in ASU 2024-01 

applies to all entities that issue profits interest awards as compensation

to employees or nonemployees in exchange 

for goods or services.

Entities can apply the amendments either retrospectively to

all periods presented in the 

financial statements or prospectively to profits interest awards granted

or modified on or after the date of adoption.

If prospective application is elected, an entity must disclose the nature

of and reason for the change in accounting 

principle that resulted from the adoption of the ASU.

This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

91 

December 15, 2024, including interim periods within those fiscal years.

We do not expect that the requirements of 

ASU 2024-01 will have a material impact on our consolidated financial

statements. 

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, “

Income Taxes (Topic

740): Improvements to Income Tax 

Disclosures

,” which requires public business entities to disclose additional

information in specified categories with 

respect to the reconciliation of the effective tax rate to the statutory rate for federal, state and

foreign income taxes.

It also requires greater detail about individual reconciling items in

the rate reconciliation to the extent the impact of 

those items exceeds a specified threshold.

In addition to new disclosures associated with the rate reconciliation,

the 

ASU requires information pertaining to taxes paid (net of refunds received)

to be disaggregated for federal, state, 

and foreign taxes and further disaggregated for specific jurisdictions

to the extent the related amounts exceed a 

quantitative threshold.

The ASU also describes items that need to be disaggregated

based on their nature, which is 

determined by reference to the item’s fundamental or essential characteristics, such as the transaction or event

that 

triggered the establishment of the reconciling item and the activity with which

the reconciling item is associated.

The ASU eliminates the historic requirement that entities disclose information

concerning unrecognized tax 

benefits having a reasonable possibility of significantly increasing

or decreasing in the 12 months following the 

reporting date.

This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024.

Early adoption is 

permitted for annual financial statements that have not yet been

issued or made available for issuance.

This ASU 

should be applied on a prospective basis; however, retrospective application is permitted.

We are currently 

evaluating the impact that ASU 2023-09 will have on our consolidated

financial statements.

Note 2 – Cyber Incident

In October 2023 Henry Schein experienced a cyber incident that primarily

affected the operations of our North 

American and European dental and medical distribution businesses.

Henry Schein One, our practice management 

software, revenue cycle management and patient relationship management

solutions business, was not affected, and 

our manufacturing businesses were mostly unaffected.

On November 22, 2023, we experienced a disruption of our 

ecommerce platform and related applications, which was remediated. 

During the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, we had

a sales decrease in our dental and 

medical distribution businesses, which we believe was primarily a

result of lower sales to episodic customers 

following last year’s cyber incident. 

During the years ended December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, we incurred

$

9

million and $

11

million, 

respectively, of expenses directly related to the cyber incident, mostly consisting of professional fees.

We maintain 

cyber insurance, subject to certain retentions and policy limitations.

With respect to the October 2023 cyber 

incident, we have a $

60

million insurance policy, following a $

5

million retention.

During the years ended 

December 28, 2024 we received insurance proceeds of $

40

million under this policy representing a partial 

insurance recovery of losses related to the cyber incident, with the remaining

$

20

million of the claim being under 

review by our insurance providers.

The expenses and insurance recoveries related to the cyber

incident are 

included in the selling, general and administrative line in our consolidated

statements of income.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

92 

Note 3 – Net Sales from Contracts with Customers

Net sales are recognized in accordance with policies disclosed

in

Note 1 – Basis of Presentation and Significant 

Accounting Policies

.

Disaggregation of Net Sales 

As noted further in

Note 4 – Segment and Geographic Data

, 

during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended 

December 28, 2024, we revised our reportable segments to align with how

the Chairman and Chief Executive 

Officer manages the business, assesses performance and allocates resources.

All prior comparative segment 

information has been recast to reflect our new segment structure. 

The following table disaggregates our net sales by reportable and operating segment

and geographic area:

Years

Ended

December 28, 

2024 

December 30, 

2023 

December 31, 

2022 

Net Sales: 

Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services 

Global Dental merchandise 

$ 

4,727

$ 

4,787

$ 

4,763

Global Dental equipment 

1,719

1,671

1,715

Global Value

-added services 

233

191

151

Global Dental 

6,679

6,649

6,629

Global Medical

4,081

3,912

4,346

Total Global Distribution

and Value

-Added Services 

10,760

10,561

10,975

Global Specialty Products 

1,446

1,331

1,273

Global Technology 

630

602

549

Eliminations 

(163)

(155)

(150)

Total 

$ 

12,673

$ 

12,339

$ 

12,647

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

93 

Note 4 – Segment and Geographic Data

During the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 28, 2024,

we revised our reportable segments to align 

with how the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer manages the business, assesses

performance and allocates 

resources.

Our revised reportable segments now consist of: (i) Global Distribution

and Value

-Added Services; (ii) 

Global Specialty Products; and (iii) Global Technology.

These segments offer different products and services to 

the same customer base.

All prior comparative segment information has been recast

to reflect our new segment 

structure. 

We aggregate operating segments into these reportable segments based on economic similarities, the nature of their 

products, customer base, and methods of distribution.

Global Distribution and Value-Added Services includes 

merchandise and equipment distribution businesses that serve the global dental

and medical markets; it also 

includes value-added services such as equipment repair services, financial

services on a non-recourse basis, 

continuing education services for practitioners, consulting and other

services.

Global Distribution and Value-Added Services includes distribution to the global dental and medical markets of 

national brand and corporate brand merchandise, as well as equipment and related

technical services.

This segment 

also includes value-added services such as financial services, continuing

education services, consulting and other 

services.

This segment also markets and sells under our own corporate brand,

a portfolio of cost-effective, high-

quality consumable merchandise.

Global Specialty Products includes manufacturing, marketing and sales

of dental 

implant and biomaterial products; and endodontic, orthodontic and orthopedic

products and other health care-

related products and services.

Global Technology includes development and distribution of practice management 

software, e-services, and other products, which are distributed to health

care providers. 

Our organizational structure also includes Corporate, which consists primarily of

income and expenses associated 

with support functions and projects. 

Our chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) is our Chairman

and Chief Executive Officer.

Our CODM uses 

adjusted operating income as the profitability metric for purposes of making

decisions about allocation of resources 

to each segment and assessing performance of each segment.

Adjusted operating income provides a measure of our 

underlying segment results that is in line with our approach to risk and performance

management.

We define 

adjusted operating income as operating income adjusted to exclude

(a) direct cybersecurity costs and related 

insurance recovery proceeds, (b) impairment of capitalized assets, (c)

amortization of acquisition intangibles, (d) 

settlement and litigation, (e) organizational restructuring expenses, (f) impairment

of intangible assets, (g) changes 

in fair value of contingent consideration, and (h) costs associated with

shareholder advisory matters.

These 

adjustments are either: (i) non-cash or non-recurring in nature; (ii) not allocable

or controlled by the segment; or 

(iii) not tied to the operational performance of the segment.

Assets by segment are not a measure used to assess the 

performance of the Company by CODM and thus are not reported in

our disclosures. 

The accounting policies of the reportable segments are generally

the same as those described in

Note 1 – Basis of 

Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies.

Sales and transfers between operating segments are eliminated 

in consolidation.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

94 

Segment adjusted operating income is presented in the following

table to reconcile to operating income as 

presented on the consolidated statement of operations.

The reconciliation from operating income to income before 

taxes and equity in earnings of affiliates is presented on our consolidated statements

of income.

Years Ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Gross Sales: 

Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services 

(1)

$ 

10,760

$ 

10,561

$ 

10,975

Global Specialty Products

(2)

1,446

1,331

1,273

Global Technology 

(3)

630

602

549

Total Gross Sales 

12,836

12,494

12,797

Less: Eliminations: 

Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services

(31)

(36)

(22)

Global Specialty Products 

(132)

(119)

(128)

Total eliminations 

(163)

(155)

(150)

Net Sales 

Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services

10,729

10,525

10,953

Global Specialty Products

1,314

1,212

1,145

Global Technology 

630

602

549

Total Net Sales 

$ 

12,673

$ 

12,339

$ 

12,647

Years Ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Operating Income 

Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services 

$ 

696

$ 

665

$ 

833

Global Specialty Products 

178

175

192

Global Technology 

152

142

125

Total Segment Operating Income 

1,026

982

1,150

Corporate 

(77)

(92)

(112)

Adjustments 

(4)

(328)

(275)

(291)

Total Operating Income 

$ 

621

$ 

615

$ 

747

Depreciation and Amortization 

Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services 

$ 

141

$ 

122

$ 

112

Global Specialty Products 

110

80

61

Global Technology 

46

46

39

Total 

$ 

297

$ 

248

$ 

212

(1)

Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services: Includes distribution of infection-control products, handpieces, preventatives, 

impression materials, composites, anesthetics, teeth, gypsum, acrylics, articulators, abrasives, PPE products, branded and generic 

pharmaceuticals, vaccines, surgical products, diagnostic tests, dental chairs, delivery units and lights, digital dental laboratories, X-

ray supplies and equipment, high-tech and digital restoration equipment, equipment repair services, financial services on a non-

recourse basis, continuing education services for practitioners, consulting and other services.

This segment also markets and sells 

under our own corporate brand, a portfolio of cost-effective, high-quality consumable merchandise. 

(2)

Global Specialty Products: Includes manufacturing, marketing and sales of dental implant and biomaterial products; and 

endodontic, orthodontic and orthopedic products and other health care-related products and services. 

(3)

Global Technology: Includes development and distribution of practice management software, e-services, and other products, which 

are distributed to health care providers.

(4)

Adjustments represent items excluded from segment operating income to enable comparison of financial results between periods.

The following table presents a breakdown of such adjustments:

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

95 

Years Ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Adjustments: 

Restructuring costs 

$ 

(110)

$ 

(80)

$ 

(131)

Acquisition intangible amortization 

(184)

(150)

(126)

Cyber incident-third-party advisory expenses, net of insurance 

31

(11)

-

Changes in contingent consideration 

(45)

-

-

Litigation settlements 

(6)

-

-

Impairment of capitalized assets 

(12)

(27)

-

Impairment of intangible assets 

-

(7)

(34)

Costs associated with shareholder advisory matters 

(2)

-

-

Total adjustments 

$ 

(328)

$ 

(275)

$ 

(291)

The following table presents information about our operations by geographic

area as of and for the years ended 

December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022.

Net sales by geographic area are based on the 

respective locations of our subsidiaries.

No country, except for the United States, generated net sales greater than 

10

% of consolidated net sales.

There were no material amounts of sales or transfers among geographic

areas and 

there were no material amounts of export sales.

2024 

2023 

2022 

Net Sales 

Long-Lived 

Assets 

Net Sales 

Long-Lived 

Assets 

Net Sales 

Long-Lived 

Assets 

United States

$ 

8,803

$ 

3,453

$ 

8,641

$ 

3,273

$ 

9,197

$ 

2,730

Other

3,870

2,281

3,698

2,341

3,450

1,417

Consolidated total

$ 

12,673

$ 

5,734

$ 

12,339

$ 

5,614

$ 

12,647

$ 

4,147

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

96 

Note 5 – Business Acquisitions

Our acquisition strategy is focused on investments in companies that

add new customers and sales teams, increase 

our geographic footprint (whether entering a new country, such as emerging markets, or building scale where we 

have already invested in businesses), and finally, those that enable us to access new products and technologies.

Acquisition of TriMed 

On April 1, 2024, we acquired a 

60

% voting equity interest in TriMed Inc. (“TriMed”), a global developer of 

solutions for the orthopedic treatment of lower and upper extremities, headquartered

in California,

for consideration 

of $

315

million.

This acquisition is reported in our Global Specialty Products segment.

During the year ended 

December 28, 2024, we completed the accounting for this acquisition.

The following table aggregates the final fair 

value, as of the date of the acquisition, of consideration paid and net

assets acquired in the TriMed acquisition:

Final Allocation 

Acquisition consideration: 

Cash 

$ 

141

Deferred consideration 

21

Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

153

Total consideration 

$ 

315

Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 

Current assets 

$ 

35

Intangible assets 

221

Other noncurrent assets 

10

Current liabilities 

(7)

Deferred income taxes 

(62)

Other noncurrent liabilities 

(6)

Total identifiable

net assets 

191

Goodwill 

124

Total net assets acquired 

$ 

315

Goodwill is a result of synergies that are expected to originate from the acquisition as well as

the expected growth 

potential of TriMed.

The acquired goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes. 

The following table summarizes the identifiable intangible assets acquired

as part of the acquisition of TriMed:

2024 

Weighted Average

Useful 

Lives (in years) 

Product development 

$ 

204

9

Trademarks / Tradenames 

9

7

In process research & development 

8

Not Applicable 

Total 

$ 

221

Except for in-process research and development (“IPR&D”), intangible assets

acquired as a result of the TriMed 

acquisition are being amortized over their estimated useful lives

using the straight-line method of amortization.

The IPR&D is accounted for as an indefinite-lived intangible asset and

is not amortized until completion or 

abandonment of the associated research and development efforts.

IPR&D is tested for impairment annually or 

periodically if an indicator of impairment exists during the period until completion. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

97 

Pro forma financial information and TriMed’s revenue and earnings since the acquisition date have not been 

presented because the impact of the TriMed acquisition during the year ended December

28, 2024 was immaterial 

to our consolidated financial statements.

Other 2024 Acquisitions 

During the year ended December 28, 2024, we acquired companies within

the Global Distribution and Value-

Added Services, Global Specialty Products, and Global Technology segments.

Our acquired ownership interest in 

these companies range from 

51

% to 

100

%.

Total consideration for these acquisitions was $

113

million (including 

cash paid of $

62

million, fair value of previously held equity investment of

$

30

million, noncontrolling interest of 

$

18

million, estimated fair value of contingent consideration payable of

$

2

million, and deferred consideration of 

$

1

million).

Net assets acquired primarily consisted of $

59

million of goodwill and $

64

million of intangible 

assets.

The intangible assets acquired consisted of customer relationships

and lists of $

33

million, trademarks and 

tradenames of $

24

million, product development of $

5

million and non-compete agreements of $

2

million.

Weighted average useful lives for these acquired intangible assets were 

11 years

, 

7 years

, 

9 years

and 

5 years

, 

respectively. 

During the year ended December 28, 2024, we completed the accounting

for certain acquisitions that occurred in 

fiscal year 2024 and we did not record any material measurement period

adjustments related to these acquisitions.

The accounting for other acquisitions in fiscal year 2024 has not been

completed in several areas, including but not 

limited to pending assessment of current expected credit losses. 

Goodwill is a result of the synergies and cross-selling opportunities that these acquisitions

are expected to provide 

for us, as well as the expected growth potential.

The majority of the acquired goodwill is not deductible

for tax 

purposes. 

During the year ended December 28, 2024, in connection with an acquisition

of a controlling interest of an affiliate, 

we recognized a gain of approximately $

19

million related to the remeasurement to fair value of our previously 

held equity investment, using a discounted cash flow model based on

Level 3 inputs, as defined in

Note 11 – Fair 

Value Measurements

, 

which was recorded in selling, general and administrative

in the consolidated statements of 

income.

The impact of these acquisitions, individually and in the aggregate, was

not considered material to our consolidated 

financial statements.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

98 

2023 Acquisitions 

Acquisition of Shield Healthcare

On October 2, 2023, we acquired a 

90

% voting equity interest in Shield Healthcare, Inc. (“Shield”), a

supplier of 

homecare medical products delivered directly to patients in their homes,

for consideration of $

348

million.

This 

acquisition is reported in our Global Distribution and Value-Added Services segment.

Shield expands our existing 

medical business by delivering a diverse range of products, including

items such as incontinence, urology, ostomy, 

enteral nutrition, advanced wound care and diabetes supplies.

Additionally, Shield offers continuous glucose 

monitoring devices directly to patients in their homes.

During the year ended December 28, 2024, we completed the accounting

for our acquisition of Shield.

The 

following table aggregates the final fair value, as of the date of the acquisition,

of consideration paid and net assets 

acquired in the Shield acquisition:

Final Allocation 

Acquisition consideration: 

Cash 

$ 

289

Deferred consideration 

22

Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

37

Total consideration 

$ 

348

Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 

Current assets 

$ 

41

Intangible assets 

166

Other noncurrent assets 

16

Current liabilities 

(24)

Deferred income taxes 

(43)

Other noncurrent liabilities 

(7)

Total identifiable

net assets 

149

Goodwill 

199

Total net assets acquired 

$ 

348

Goodwill is a result of synergies that are expected to originate from the acquisition as well as

the expected growth 

potential of Shield.

The acquired goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.

The following table summarizes the identifiable intangible assets acquired

as part of the acquisition of Shield:

2023 

Weighted Average

Useful 

Lives (in years) 

Customer relationships and lists 

$ 

156

12

Trademarks / Tradenames 

10

5

Total 

$ 

166

Pro forma financial information and Shield’s revenue and earnings from the acquisition date have

not been presented because the impact of the Shield acquisition was

immaterial to our consolidated financial 

statements.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

99 

Acquisition of S.I.N. Implant System 

On July 5, 2023, we acquired a 

100

% voting equity interest in S.I.N. Implant System (“S.I.N.”) for consideration of 

$

329

million.

This acquisition is reported in our Global Specialty Products segment.

Based in São Paulo, S.I.N. 

manufactures an extensive line of products to perform dental implant procedures

and is focused on advancing the 

development of value-priced dental implants.

In 2023, S.I.N. expanded the distribution of its products into the 

United States and other international markets.

During the year ended December 28, 2024, we completed the accounting

for our acquisition of S.I.N.

The 

following table aggregates the final fair value, as of the date of acquisition,

of consideration paid and net assets 

acquired in the S.I.N. acquisition:

Final Allocation 

Acquisition consideration: 

Cash 

$ 

329

Total consideration 

$ 

329

Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 

Current assets 

$ 

73

Intangible assets 

87

Other noncurrent assets 

48

Current liabilities 

(33)

Long-term debt 

(22)

Deferred income taxes 

(38)

Other noncurrent liabilities 

(27)

Total identifiable

net assets 

88

Goodwill 

241

Total net assets acquired 

$ 

329

Goodwill is a result of synergies that are expected to originate from the acquisition as well as

the expected growth 

potential of S.I.N.

The acquired goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.

The following table summarizes the identifiable intangible assets acquired

as part of the acquisition of S.I.N.:

2023 

Weighted Average

Useful 

Lives (in years) 

Customer relationships and lists 

$ 

38

7

Product development 

36

8

Trademarks / Tradenames 

13

10

Total 

$ 

87

Pro forma financial information and S.I.N.’s revenue and earnings from the acquisition date have not been 

presented because the impact of the S.I.N. acquisition was immaterial

to our consolidated financial statements.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

100 

Acquisition of Biotech Dental 

On April 5, 2023, we acquired a 

57

% voting equity interest in Biotech Dental, a provider of dental implants,

clear 

aligners, individualized prosthetics and innovative digital dental software based

in France, for preliminary 

consideration of $

423

million.

This acquisition is reported in our Global Specialty Products

segment.

Biotech 

Dental has several important solutions for dental practices and dental

labs, including Nemotec, a comprehensive, 

integrated suite of planning and diagnostic software using open architecture

that connects disparate medical devices 

to create a digital view of the patient, offering greater diagnostic accuracy and an

improved patient experience.

During the year ended December 28, 2024, we completed the accounting

for our acquisition of Biotech Dental.

The following table aggregates the final fair value, as of the date of acquisition,

of consideration paid and net assets 

acquired in the Biotech Dental acquisition:

Final Allocation 

Acquisition consideration: 

Cash 

$ 

216

Fair value of contributed equity share in a controlled subsidiary 

25

Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

182

Total consideration 

$ 

423

Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 

Current assets 

$ 

74

Intangible assets 

189

Other noncurrent assets 

69

Current liabilities 

(60)

Long-term debt 

(73)

Deferred income taxes 

(53)

Other noncurrent liabilities 

(20)

Total identifiable

net assets 

126

Goodwill 

297

Total net assets acquired 

$ 

423

Goodwill is a result of synergies that are expected to originate from the acquisition as well as

the expected growth 

potential of Biotech Dental.

The acquired goodwill is not deductible for tax purposes.

The following table summarizes the identifiable intangible assets acquired

as part of the acquisition of Biotech 

Dental:

2023 

Weighted Average

Useful 

Lives (in years) 

Product development 

$ 

124

10

Customer relationships and lists 

47

9

Trademarks / Tradenames 

18

7

Total 

$ 

189

Pro forma financial information and Biotech’s revenues and earnings from the acquisition date have not been 

presented because the impact of the Biotech Dental acquisition was immaterial

to our consolidated financial 

statements.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

101 

Other 2023 Acquisitions 

During the year ended December 30, 2023, in addition to those noted above,

we acquired companies within the 

Global Distribution and Value-Added Services, Global Specialty Products, and Global Technology segments for 

total consideration of $

284

million.

Our acquired ownership interest ranged between 

51

% to 

100

%.

During the 

year ended December 28, 2024, we recorded an adjustment of $

38

million, within selling, general and 

administrative in our consolidated statements of income, representing a change

in the fair value of contingent 

consideration related to a 2023 acquisition. 

During the year ended December 28, 2024, we completed the accounting

for certain fiscal year 2023 acquisitions.

In relation to these acquisitions, we did not record material adjustments

in our consolidated financial statements 

relating to changes in estimated values of assets acquired, liabilities

assumed and contingent consideration assets 

and liabilities. 

Goodwill of $

171

million from these acquisitions is a result of the synergies and cross-selling opportunities

that 

these acquisitions are expected to provide for us, as well as the expected

growth potential.

The majority of the 

acquired goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. Intangible assets of

$

116

million, consisting of $

79

million of 

customer relationships and lists, $

8

million of trademarks and tradenames, $

7

million of product development, and 

other of $

22

million are being amortized over their weighted average useful lives that

range from 

two years

to 

ten 

years

.

Pro forma financial information for our 2023 acquisitions has not been

presented because the impact of the 

acquisitions was immaterial to our consolidated financial statements.

2022 Acquisitions 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we acquired companies within

the Global Distribution and Value-

Added Services, Global Specialty Products, and Global Technology segments.

Our acquired ownership interest 

ranged between 

55

% to 

100

%.

For the years ended December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022,

there were no 

material adjustments recorded in our financial statements relating

to acquisitions for which provisional amounts 

were recorded in prior periods.

During the year ended December 28, 2024, we recorded an

adjustment of $

7

million, within selling, general and administrative in our consolidated statements

of income, representing a change 

in the fair value of contingent consideration related to a 2022 acquisition. 

Goodwill of $

86

million is a result of the synergies and cross-selling opportunities that these acquisitions

are 

expected to provide for us, as well as the expected growth potential.

Approximately half of the acquired goodwill 

is deductible for tax purposes.

Intangible assets of $

96

million, consisting of $

81

million of customer relationships 

and lists, $

9

million of trademarks and tradenames, and other of $

6

million are being amortized over their weighted 

average useful lives that range from 

two years

to 

ten years

. 

Pro forma financial information for our 2022 acquisitions has not been

presented because the impact of the 

acquisitions was immaterial to our consolidated financial statements.

Acquisition Costs 

During the years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023

and December 31, 2022 we incurred $

6

million, 

$

22

million and $

9

million in acquisition costs, respectively.

These costs are included in selling, general and 

administrative in our consolidated statements of income.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

102 

Note 6 – Inventories, Net

Inventories, net consisted of the following as of:

Description 

December 28, 

2024 

December 30, 

2023 

Finished goods 

$ 

1,710

$ 

1,724

Raw materials 

61

54

Work-in process 

39

37

Inventories, net 

$ 

1,810

$ 

1,815

Our inventory reserve was $

132

million and $

192

million as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, 

respectively.

Note 7 – Property and Equipment, Net

Property and equipment, including related estimated useful lives, consisted

of the following as of:

December 28, 

December 30, 

2024 

2023 

Land

$ 

20

$ 

21

Buildings and permanent improvements

164

166

Leasehold improvements

109

103

Machinery and warehouse equipment

257

250

Furniture, fixtures and other

128

130

Computer equipment and software

523

500

1,201

1,170

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

(670)

(672)

Property and equipment, net

$ 

531

$ 

498

Estimated Useful 

Lives (in years) 

Buildings and permanent improvements

40

Machinery and warehouse equipment

5

-

15

Furniture, fixtures and other

3

-

10

Computer equipment and software

3

-

10

Leasehold improvements are amortized on a straight-line basis over

the lesser of the useful life of the assets or the 

remaining lease term. 

Property and equipment related depreciation expense for the years

ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023 

and December 31, 2022, was $

83

million, $

70

million and $

68

million, respectively.

Please see

Note 8 – Leases

for 

finance lease amounts included in property and equipment, net within our

consolidated balance sheets. 

During the year ended December 30, 2023 we recorded a $

27

million impairment of capitalized software, within 

our Global Distribution and Value-Added Services segment.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

103 

Note 8 – Leases

We have operating and finance leases for corporate offices, office space, distribution and other facilities, vehicles 

and certain equipment.

Our leases have remaining terms of less than 

one year

to approximately 

17

years, some of 

which may include options to extend the leases for up to 

15

years.

The components of lease expense were as 

follows:

Years

Ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Operating lease cost: 

$ 

107

$ 

99

$ 

132

Variable

lease cost 

12

12

11

Short-term lease cost 

11

10

7

Total operating lease cost

(1)

130

121

150

Finance lease cost 

4

5

3

Total lease cost 

$ 

134

$ 

126

$ 

153

(1) 

Total operating lease cost for the years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022, included costs of 

$

17

million, $

11

million and $

42

million, respectively, related to facility leases recorded in "Restructuring and integration costs" 

within our consolidated statements of income.

Further, for the years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022, we recognized

a net 

impairment of operating lease right-of-use assets of $

0

million, $

3

million, and $

3

million respectively, related to 

facility leases recorded in “Restructuring and integration costs” within our consolidated

statement of income. 

Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases is as follows:

Years

Ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

2024 

2023 

Operating Leases: 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

$ 

293

$ 

325

Current operating lease liabilities 

75

80

Non-current operating lease liabilities 

259

310

Total operating lease liabilities 

$ 

334

$ 

390

Finance Leases: 

Property and equipment, at cost 

$ 

16

$ 

18

Accumulated depreciation 

(9)

(9)

Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation 

$ 

7

$ 

9

Current maturities of long-term debt

$ 

3

$ 

4

Long-term debt

3

4

Total finance

lease liabilities 

$ 

6

$ 

8

Weighted Average

Remaining Lease Term in

Years: 

Operating leases 

5.9

6.6

Finance leases 

2.7

2.6

Weighted

Average Discount

Rate: 

Operating leases 

4.2

% 

3.6

% 

Finance leases 

4.4

% 

4.0

%

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

104 

Supplemental cash flow information related to leases is as follows:

Years

Ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

2024 

2023 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: 

Operating cash flows for operating leases 

$ 

94

$ 

92

Financing cash flows for finance leases 

4

5

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 

Operating leases

$ 

76

$ 

124

Finance leases 

2

4

Maturities of lease liabilities are as follows:

December 28, 2024 

Operating 

Finance 

Leases 

Leases 

2025 

$ 

87

$ 

3

2026 

74

2

2027 

56

1

2028 

43

1

2029 

37

-

Thereafter 

81

-

Total future

lease payments 

378

7

Less imputed interest 

44

1

Total 

$ 

334

$ 

6

As of December 28, 2024, we have additional operating leases that have

not yet commenced with total lease 

payments of $

7

million for buildings and vehicles.

These operating leases will commence after December 28, 

2024, with lease terms of 

two years

to 

five years

. 

Certain of our facilities related to our acquisitions are leased from

employees and minority shareholders.

These 

leases are classified as operating leases and have a remaining lease term

ranging from less than a year to 

13 years

.

As of December 28, 2024, current and non-current liabilities associated

with related party operating leases were $

6

million and $

20

million, respectively.

At December 28, 2024 related party leases represented 

7.6

% and 

7.8

% of the 

total current and non-current operating lease liabilities, respectively.

As of December 30, 2023, current and non-

current liabilities associated with related party operating leases were

$

5

million and $

23

million, respectively.

At 

December 30, 2023 related party leases represented 

6.3

% and 

7.4

% of the total current and non-current operating 

lease liabilities, respectively.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

105 

Note 9 – Goodwill and Other Intangibles, Net

Changes in the carrying amounts

of goodwill for the years ended December 28, 2024 and December

30, 2023 were 

as follows:

Global 

Distribution and 

Value-Added 

Services 

Global Specialty 

Products 

Global 

Technology 

Total 

Balance as of December 31, 2022

$ 

1,652

$ 

481

$ 

760

$ 

2,893

Adjustments to goodwill: 

\- 

\- 

\- 

Acquisitions

338

578

29

945

Foreign currency translation

17

18

2

37

Balance as of December 30, 2023

2,007

1,077

791

3,875

Adjustments to goodwill: 

Acquisitions

41

107

-

148

Disposal 

-

(11)

(2)

(13)

Foreign currency translation

(39)

(80)

(4)

(123)

Balance as of December 28, 2024

$ 

2,009

$ 

1,093

$ 

785

$ 

3,887

During the fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended December 28, 2024,

we revised our segment structure to align 

with how our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer manages the business, assesses

performance and allocates 

resources.

Our revised reportable segments now consist of: (i) Global Distribution

and Value

-Added Services; (ii) 

Global Specialty Products; and (iii) Global Technology.

Reporting units under the former structure were tested for 

impairment, and no impairment was identified.

As a result of the realignment and the change in operating 

segments, we reallocated goodwill to each of our new reporting units using

a relative fair value approach.

Based on 

the impairment test under the new structure, it was determined that the fair values

of our reporting units more likely 

than not exceeded their carrying values, resulting in no impairment.

For both the former and new structure 

goodwill impairment tests as of September 30, 2024, the fair values of reporting

units were computed using the 

methodology described in

Note 1 – Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies.

In connection with our restructuring initiatives, during the year ended

December 28, 2024, we recorded an $

11

million impairment of goodwill in the Global Specialty Products segment,

relating to the disposal of a portion of a 

business; such impairment was calculated based on the relative fair value

of goodwill.

For the year ended 

December 31, 2022, in connection with our restructuring initiatives, we

recorded a $

20

million impairment of 

goodwill, in the Global Specialty Products segment, relating to the disposal

of an unprofitable business for which 

estimated fair value was lower than carrying value.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

106 

Other intangible assets consisted of the following:

December 28, 2024 

Weighted Average 

Accumulated 

Remaining Life 

Cost 

Amortization 

Net 

(in years) 

Customer relationships and lists 

$ 

915

$ 

(356)

$ 

559

10

Trademarks / Tradenames 

188

(89)

99

8

Product development 

403

(71)

332

9

Non-compete agreements 

21

(6)

15

4

Other

28

(10)

18

15

Total

$ 

1,555

$ 

(532)

$ 

1,023

December 30, 2023 

Weighted Average 

Accumulated 

Remaining Life 

Cost 

Amortization 

Net 

(in years) 

Customer relationships and lists 

$ 

984

$ 

(346)

$ 

638

10

Trademarks / Tradenames 

168

(69)

99

8

Product development 

205

(62)

143

9

Non-compete agreements 

21

(6)

15

5

Other

39

(18)

21

10

Total

$ 

1,417

$ 

(501)

$ 

916

Trademarks, trade names, customer lists and customer relationships were established through

business acquisitions 

and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their respective asset life.

Non-compete agreements represent 

amounts paid primarily to prior owners of acquired businesses and certain

sales persons, in exchange for placing 

restrictions on their ability to pose a competitive risk to us.

Such amounts are amortized, on a straight-line basis 

over the respective non-compete period, which generally commences upon

termination of employment or 

separation from us. 

Amortization expense, excluding impairment charges, related to definite-lived intangible assets

for the years ended 

December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022, was $

185

million, $

152

million and $

126

million, 

respectively. 

During the year ended December 28, 2024 we recorded $

4

million of impairment charges related to businesses in 

our Global Distribution and Value-Added Services segment.

It included $

2

million of trade name impairment, 

calculated using the relative fair value related to a

disposal of a business and $

1

million related to trade name 

impairment due to business integration in connection with our restructuring

initiatives.

The remaining $

1

million 

impairment charges related to trade names and non-compete agreements were calculated

as the differences between 

the carrying values and the estimated fair values of the impaired intangible assets,

using a discounted estimate of 

future cash flows. 

During the year ended December 30, 2023 we recorded $

19

million of impairment charges related to businesses in 

our Global Distribution and Value-Added Services segment, consisting of $

7

million primarily related to customer 

lists and relationships attributable to lower than anticipated operating

margins in certain businesses, and a $

12

million charge related to the planned exit of a business in connection with our restructuring

initiatives.

These 

impairment charges were calculated as the differences between the carrying values and the estimated

fair values

of 

the impaired intangible assets, using a discounted estimate of future

cash flows. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 we recorded $

49

million of impairment charges related to businesses in 

our Global Distribution and Value-Added Services segment, the components of which were a $

15

million charge 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

107 

related to the disposal of an unprofitable business in connection with

our restructuring initiatives and a $

34

million 

charge related to customer lists and relationships attributable to customer attrition

rates being higher than expected 

in certain other distribution and value-added services businesses.

These impairment charges were calculated as the 

differences between the carrying values and the estimated fair values of the impaired intangible

assets, using a 

discounted estimate of future cash flows.

Please see 

Note 16 – Plans of Restructuring and Integration Costs

for additional details. 

The above intangible asset impairment charges were recorded within selling, general

and administrative expenses 

and in restructuring and integration charges in our consolidated statement of income. 

The annual amortization expense expected to be recorded for existing

intangibles assets for the years 2025 through 

2029 is $

168

million, $

151

million, $

139

million, $

122

million and $

108

million.

Note 10 – Investments and Other

Investments and other consisted of the following:

December 28, 

December 30, 

2024 

2023 

Investments in unconsolidated affiliates

$ 

170

$ 

180

Non-current deferred foreign, state and local income taxes

47

38

Notes receivable 

(1)

63

44

Capitalized costs for software and cloud based applications for external use 

90

95

Security deposits

4

4

Acquisition-related indemnification assets 

39

46

Non-current pension assets 

9

9

Non-current inventory 

27

-

Other 

52

55

Total

$ 

501

$ 

471

(1) 

Long-term notes receivable carry interest rates ranging from 

3.0

% to 

11.0

% and are due in varying installments through 

November 21, 2028

.

Amortization expense, related to capitalized costs for software to be sold,

leased or marketed to external users, and 

for cloud-based applications used to deliver our services, for the years

ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 

2023 and December 31, 2022, was $

29

million, $

26

million and $

18

million, respectively, and is included in the 

selling, general and administrative line within our consolidated statements

of income. 

During the year ended December 28, 2024 we recorded a $

12

million impairment of capitalized software costs, 

within our Global Technology segment.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

108 

Note 11 – Fair Value

Measurements

The following section describes the fair values of our financial instruments

and the methodologies that we used to 

measure their fair values.

Investments and notes receivable 

There are no quoted market prices available for investments in unconsolidated

affiliates and notes receivable.

Certain of our notes receivable contain variable interest rates.

We believe the carrying amounts of the notes 

receivable are a reasonable estimate of fair value based on the interest rates

in the applicable markets.

Our notes 

receivable fair value is based on Level 3 inputs within the fair value

hierarchy. 

Debt 

The fair value of our debt (including bank credit lines, current maturities

of long-term debt and long-term debt) is 

based on Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy, and as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 was 

estimated at $

2,536

million and $

2,351

million, respectively.

Factors that we considered when estimating the fair 

value of our debt include market conditions, such as interest rates and credit

spreads. 

Derivative contracts 

Derivative contracts are valued using quoted market prices and

significant other observable inputs.

Our derivative 

instruments primarily include foreign currency forward contracts, interest

rate swaps, and total return swaps. 

The fair values for the majority of our foreign currency derivative contracts

are obtained by comparing our contract 

rate to a published forward price of the underlying market rates, which

are based on market rates for comparable 

transactions that are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 

The fair value of the interest rate swap, which is classified within Level 2

of the fair value hierarchy, is determined 

by comparing our contract rate to a forward market rate as of the

valuation date. 

The fair value of total return swaps is determined by valuing the underlying

exchange traded funds of the swap 

using market-on-close pricing by industry providers as of the valuation

date that are classified within Level 2 of the 

fair value hierarchy. 

Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

The values for redeemable noncontrolling interests are based on recent

transactions and/or implied multiples of 

earnings that are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

See 

Note 20 – Redeemable Noncontrolling 

Interests for additional information

.

Intangible Assets 

Assets measured on a non-recurring basis at fair value include intangibles.

Inputs for measuring intangibles are 

classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy.

See 

Note 1 – Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting 

Policies

and 

Note 9 – Goodwill and Other Intangibles

, Net for additional information. 

Defined Benefit Plans

Assets of our defined benefit plans are measured on a recurring basis

and are classified as Level 1 within the fair 

value hierarchy.

See 

Note 19 – Employee Benefit Plans

for additional information. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

109 

Contingent Consideration 

We estimate the fair value of contingent consideration payments as part of the acquisition price and record the 

estimated fair value of contingent consideration as a liability on our

consolidated balance sheet.

For transactions 

accounted for as business combinations, subsequent changes in the

estimated fair value of contingent consideration 

payments are included in selling, general, and administrative expenses

in our consolidated statements of 

income.

For transactions involving changes in our ownership

in subsidiaries without a change in our control, 

subsequent changes in the estimated fair value of contingent consideration

payments are recognized in additional 

paid-in capital in our consolidated balance sheet.

We measure contingent consideration at the fair value on a 

recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs classified as

Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

We use 

various valuation techniques, including the Monte Carlo simulation

and probability-weighted scenarios, to 

determine the fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities on

the acquisition date and at each reporting 

period.

Our fair value measurement inputs include expected operating

performance, discount and risk-free rates, 

and credit spread.

The following table presents our assets and liabilities that are measured and

recognized at fair value on a recurring 

basis classified under the appropriate level of the fair value hierarchy as of

December 28, 2024 and December 30, 

2023:

December 28, 2024 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Assets: 

Derivative contracts designated as hedges 

$ 

-

$ 

10

$ 

-

$ 

10

Derivative contracts undesignated 

-

7

-

7

Total assets

$ 

-

$ 

17

$ 

-

$ 

17

Liabilities: 

Derivative contracts designated as hedges 

$ 

-

$ 

5

$ 

-

$ 

5

Derivative contracts undesignated 

-

4

-

4

Total return

swaps 

-

3

-

3

Contingent consideration 

-

-

30

30

Total liabilities

$ 

-

$ 

12

$ 

30

$ 

42

Redeemable noncontrolling interests

$ 

-

$ 

-

$ 

806

$ 

806

December 30, 2023 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

Assets: 

Derivative contracts designated as hedges 

$ 

-

$ 

1

$ 

-

$ 

1

Derivative contracts undesignated 

-

1

-

1

Total return

swap 

-

4

-

4

Total assets

$ 

-

$ 

6

$ 

-

$ 

6

Liabilities: 

Derivative contracts designated as hedges 

$ 

-

$ 

18

$ 

-

$ 

18

Derivative contracts undesignated 

-

2

-

2

Total liabilities

$ 

-

$ 

20

$ 

-

$ 

20

Redeemable noncontrolling interests

$ 

-

$ 

-

$ 

864

$ 

864

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

110 

Note 12 – Concentrations of Risk

Certain financial instruments potentially subject us to concentrations of credit

risk.

These financial instruments 

consist primarily of cash equivalents, trade receivables, long-term investments,

notes receivable and derivative 

instruments.

In all cases, our maximum exposure to loss from credit

risk equals the gross fair value of the financial 

instruments.

We routinely maintain cash balances at financial institutions in excess of insured amounts.

We have 

not experienced any loss in such accounts and we manage this risk through

maintaining cash deposits and other 

highly liquid investments in high quality financial institutions.

We continuously assess the need for reserves for 

such losses, which have been within our expectations.

We do not require collateral or other security to support 

financial instruments subject to credit risk, except for long-term notes receivable. 

We limit credit risk with respect to our cash equivalents, short-term and long-term investments and derivative 

instruments, by monitoring the credit worthiness of the financial institutions

who are the counter-parties to such 

financial instruments.

As a risk management policy, we limit the amount of credit exposure by diversifying and 

utilizing numerous investment grade counterparties. 

With respect to our trade receivables, credit risk is somewhat limited due to a relatively large customer base and

its 

dispersion across different types of health care professionals and geographic areas.

No single customer accounted 

for more than 

2

% of our net sales in each of the years ended December 28, 2024,

December 30, 2023 or December 

31, 2022.

With respect to our sources of supply, our top 10 Global Distribution and Value

-Added Services 

suppliers and our single largest supplier accounted for approximately 

25

% and 

4

%, respectively, of our aggregate 

purchases for the year ended December 28, 2024 and approximately 

24

% and 

4

%, respectively, of our aggregate 

purchases for the year ended December 30, 2023. 

Our long-term notes receivable primarily represent strategic financing arrangements

with certain affiliates.

Generally, these notes are secured by certain assets of the counterparty; however, in most cases our security is 

subordinate to the rights of other commercial financial institutions.

While we have exposure to credit loss in the 

event of non-performance by these counterparties, we conduct ongoing assessments

of their financial and 

operational performance.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

111 

Note 13 – Derivatives and Hedging Activities

We are exposed to market risks and changes in foreign currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar and each 

other, and changes to the credit risk of the derivative counterparties.

We attempt to minimize these risks using 

foreign currency forward contracts and by maintaining counter-party credit limits.

Our hedging activities provide 

only limited protection against currency exchange and credit risks.

Factors that could influence the effectiveness of 

our hedging programs include currency markets and availability of hedging

instruments and liquidity of the credit 

markets.

All foreign currency forward contracts that we enter are for the sole

purpose of hedging an existing or 

anticipated currency exposure.

We do not enter into foreign currency forward contracts for speculative purposes 

and we manage our credit risks by diversifying our counterparties,

maintaining a strong balance sheet and having 

multiple sources of capital.

Our derivative instruments primarily include foreign currency forward contracts,

total 

return swaps, and interest rate swaps. 

During 2019 we entered foreign currency forward contracts that we designated

as net investment hedges to hedge a 

portion of our euro-denominated foreign operations.

These net investment hedges offset changes in the U.S. dollar 

value of our investments in certain euro-functional currency subsidiaries due

to fluctuating foreign exchange rates.

Gains and losses related to these net investment hedges are recorded

in accumulated other comprehensive loss 

within our consolidated balance sheets.

Amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness are

included 

in interest expense within our consolidated statements of income.

The aggregate notional value of these net 

investment hedges, which matured on 

November 16, 2023

, was approximately €

200

million.

On November 3, 

2023 we entered into new foreign currency forward contracts to

hedge a portion of our euro-denominated foreign 

operations which are designated as net investment hedges.

The aggregate notional value of this net investment 

hedge, which matures on 

November 3, 2028

, is approximately €

300

million.

During the years ended December 28, 

2024, December 30, 2023, and December 31, 2022, we recorded an

increase/(decrease) of $

10

million, $(

32

) 

million, and $

9

million, respectively, within other comprehensive income related to these foreign currency forward 

contracts.

See 

Note 11 – Fair Value Measurements

for additional information. 

On 

March 20, 2020

, we entered a total return swap to economically hedge our unfunded

non-qualified SERP and 

our DCP.

This swap will offset changes in our SERP and DCP liabilities.

At the swap’s inception, the notional 

value of the investments in these plans was $

43

million.

At December 28, 2024, the notional value of the 

investments in these plans was $

106

million.

At December 28, 2024, the financing blended rate for this swap

was 

based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) of 

4.53

% plus 

0.61

%, for a combined rate of 

5.14

%.

For 

the years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023,

and December 31, 2022,

we recorded within selling, 

general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statement of income,

a gain (loss) of $

8

million, 

10

million, and $(

17

) million, respectively, net of transaction costs, related to this undesignated swap.

See 

Note 19 –

Employee Benefit Plans

for additional information. 

On July 11, 2023, we entered into interest rate swap agreements to hedge the cash flow of our variable

rate $

750

million floating debt term loan facility, with 

three years

maturity, effectively changing the floating rate portion of 

our obligation to a fixed rate.

Under the terms of the interest rate swap agreements, we receive variable

interest 

payments based on the one-month Term SOFR rate and pay interest at a fixed rate.

As of December 28, 2024, the 

notional value of the interest rate swap agreements was $

713

million.

For the years ended December 28, 2024 and 

December 30, 2023, we recorded, within accumulated other comprehensive

loss within our consolidated balance 

sheets, a loss of $

3

million and $

10

million, respectively, related to the change in the fair value of these interest rate 

swap agreements, since we have designated these swaps agreements as cash flow

hedges. 

Fluctuations in the value of certain foreign currencies as compared

to the U.S. dollar may positively or negatively 

affect our revenues, gross margins, operating expenses and retained earnings, all of which are expressed

in U.S. 

dollars.

Where we deem it prudent, we engage in hedging programs using primarily

foreign currency forward 

contracts aimed at limiting the impact of foreign currency exchange

rate fluctuations on earnings.

We purchase 

short-term (i.e., generally 18 months or less) foreign currency forward contracts

to protect against currency 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

112 

exchange risks associated with intercompany loans due from our international

subsidiaries and the payment of 

merchandise purchases to our foreign suppliers.

We do not hedge the translation of foreign currency profits into 

U.S. dollars, as we consider foreign currency translation to be an accounting

exposure, not an economic 

exposure.

Amounts related to our hedging activities are recorded in prepaid

expenses and other and/or accrued 

expenses: other within our consolidated balance sheets.

The following table summarizes the terms and fair value of our outstanding derivative

financial instruments as of 

December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023:

December 28, 2024 

Notional 

Amount 

Classification 

Fair 

Value 

Maturity Date 

Derivatives used in cash flow hedges: 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

$ 

84

Prepaid expenses and other 

$ 

-

October 30, 2025

Interest rate swaps 

713

Accrued expenses, other 

(3)

July 13, 2026

Derivatives used in net investment hedges: 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

336

Prepaid expenses and other 

9

November 3, 2028

Undesignated hedging relationships: 

Total return

swaps 

106

Accrued expenses, other 

(3)

December 30, 2024

Total 

$ 

1,239

$ 

3

December 30, 2023 

Notional 

Amount 

Classification 

Fair 

Value 

Maturity Date 

Derivatives used in cash flow hedges: 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

$ 

102

Accrued expenses, other 

$ 

(1)

November 21, 2024

Interest rate swaps 

741

Accrued expenses, other 

(10)

July 13, 2026

Derivatives used in net investment hedges: 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

352

Accrued expenses, other 

(6)

November 3, 2028

Undesignated hedging relationships: 

Total return

swaps 

96

Prepaid expenses and other 

4

January 3, 2024

Total 

$ 

1,291

$ 

(13)

The following table summarizes the effect of cash flow hedges and net investment hedges

on our consolidated 

statements of income for the years ended December 28, 2024, December

30, 2023 and December 31, 2022:

Years

Ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Derivatives used in cash flow hedges: 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

$ 

-

$ 

(1)

$ 

-

Interest rate swaps 

6

(7)

-

Derivatives used in net investment hedges: 

Foreign currency forward contracts 

7

(10)

7

Total

$ 

13

$ 

(18)

$ 

7

The amount of gains or losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive

loss into income were not 

material for the years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023,

and December 31, 2022.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

113 

Note 14 – Debt

Bank Credit Lines 

Bank credit lines consisted of the following:

December 28, 

December 30, 

2024 

2023 

Revolving credit agreement 

$ 

-

$ 

200

Other short-term bank credit lines 

650

64

Total 

$ 

650

$ 

264

Revolving Credit Agreement 

On 

August 20, 2021

, we entered into a $

1.0

billion revolving credit agreement (the “Revolving Credit Agreement”) 

which was subsequently amended and restated on 

July 11, 2023

to extend the maturity date to 

July 11, 2028

and 

update the interest rate provisions to reflect the current market approach

for a multicurrency facility.

The interest 

rate on this revolving credit facility is based on Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“

Term SOFR

”) plus a 

spread based on our leverage ratio at the end of each financial reporting

quarter.

As of December 28, 2024 the 

interest rate on this revolving credit facility was 

4.45

% plus 

1.18

% for a combined rate of 

5.63

%.

As of December 

30, 2023 the interest rate on this revolving credit facility was 

5.36

% plus 

1.00

% for a combined rate of 

6.36

%.

The Revolving Credit Agreement requires, among other things, that we

maintain certain maximum leverage ratios.

Additionally, the Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and affirmative 

covenants as well as customary negative covenants, subject to negotiated

exceptions, on liens, indebtedness, 

significant corporate changes (including mergers), dispositions and certain restrictive

agreements.

As of December 

28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, we had $

0

million and $

200

million in borrowings, respectively, under this 

revolving credit facility.

During the year ended December 28, 2024, the average

outstanding balance under the 

Revolving Credit Agreement was approximately $

50

million.

As of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, 

there were $

11

million and $

10

million of letters of credit, respectively, provided to third parties under the 

Revolving Credit Agreement. 

Other Short-Term Bank Credit

Lines 

As of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, we had various other

short-term bank credit lines available, in 

various currencies, with a maximum borrowing capacity of $

790

million and $

368

million, respectively.

As of 

December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, $

650

million and $

64

million, respectively, were outstanding.

During 

the year ended December 28, 2024, the average outstanding balances under our

various other short-term bank credit 

lines was approximately $

492

million.

As of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, borrowings

under other 

short-term bank credit lines had weighted average interest rates of 

5.35

% and 

6.02

%, respectively.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

114 

Long-term debt 

Long-term debt consisted of the following:

December 28, 

December 30, 

2024 

2023 

Private placement facilities

$ 

975

$ 

1,074

Term loan 

712

741

U.S. trade accounts receivable securitization 

150

210

Various

collateralized and uncollateralized loans payable with interest, 

in varying installments through 2031 at interest rates 

from 

0.00

% to 

9.42

% at December 28, 2024 and 

from 

0.00

% to 

9.42

% at December 30, 2023 

43

54

Finance lease obligations 

6

8

Total

1,886

2,087

Less current maturities 

(56)

(150)

Total long-term debt

$ 

1,830

$ 

1,937

As of December 28, 2024,

the aggregate amounts of long-term debt, including finance lease obligations

and net of 

deferred debt issuance costs, maturing in each of the next five years

and thereafter are as follows:

2025

$ 

56

2026

690

2027

257

2028

180

2029

102

Thereafter

601

Total

$ 

1,886

Private Placement Facilities 

Our private placement facilities provided by 

four

insurance companies have a total facility amount of $

1.5

billion, 

and are available on an uncommitted basis at fixed rate economic terms

to be agreed upon at the time of issuance, 

from time to time through 

October 20, 2026

.

The facilities allow us to issue senior promissory notes to the

lenders 

at a fixed rate based on an agreed upon spread over applicable treasury

notes at the time of issuance.

The term of 

each possible issuance will be selected by us and can range from 

five

to 

15 years

(with an average life no longer 

than 

12 years

).

The proceeds of any issuances under the facilities will be used

for general corporate purposes, 

including working capital and capital expenditures, to refinance existing

indebtedness, and/or to fund potential 

acquisitions.

The agreements provide, among other things, that we maintain

certain maximum leverage ratios, and 

contain restrictions relating to subsidiary indebtedness, liens, affiliate transactions,

disposal of assets and certain 

changes in ownership.

These facilities contain make-whole provisions in the event that we

pay off the facilities 

prior to the applicable due dates.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

115 

The components of our private placement facility borrowings as of December

28, 2024, which have a weighted 

average interest rate of 

3.70

% are presented in the following table:

Amount of 

Date of

Borrowing 

Borrowing

Borrowing 

Outstanding 

Rate 

Due Date 

June 16, 2017

$ 

100

3.42

% 

June 16, 2027

September 15, 2017

100

3.52

September 15, 2029

January 2, 2018

100

3.32

January 2, 2028

September 2, 2020

100

2.35

September 2, 2030

June 2, 2021

100

2.48

June 2, 2031

June 2, 2021

100

2.58

June 2, 2033

May 4, 2023

75

4.79

May 4, 2028

May 4, 2023

75

4.84

May 4, 2030

May 4, 2023

75

4.96

May 4, 2033

May 4, 2023

150

4.94

May 4, 2033

Total 

$ 

975

The components of our private placement facility borrowings as of December

30, 2023, which have a weighted 

average interest rate of 

3.65

% are presented in the following table:

Amount of 

Date of

Borrowing 

Borrowing

Borrowing 

Outstanding 

Rate 

Due Date 

January 20, 2012

$ 

50

3.45

% 

January 20, 2024

December 24, 2012

50

3.00

December 24, 2024

June 16, 2017

100

3.42

June 16, 2027

September 15, 2017

100

3.52

September 15, 2029

January 2, 2018

100

3.32

January 2, 2028

September 2, 2020

100

2.35

September 2, 2030

June 2, 2021

100

2.48

June 2, 2031

June 2, 2021

100

2.58

June 2, 2033

May 4, 2023

75

4.79

May 4, 2028

May 4, 2023

75

4.84

May 4, 2030

May 4, 2023

75

4.96

May 4, 2033

May 4, 2023

150

4.94

May 4, 2033

Less: Deferred debt issuance costs 

(1)

Total 

$ 

1,074

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

116 

Term Loan 

On July 11, 2023, we entered into a 

three-year

$

750

million term loan credit agreement (the “Term Credit 

Agreement”).

The interest rate on this term loan is based on the 

Term SOFR

plus a spread based on our leverage 

ratio at the end of each financial reporting quarter.

This term loan matures on 

July 11, 2026

.

We are required to 

make quarterly payments of $

9

million from September 2024 through June 2026, with the remaining

balance due in 

July 2026.

Previously, we had been required to make quarterly payments of $

5

million from September 2023 

through June 2024.

As of December 28, 2024, the borrowings outstanding under

this term loan were $

712

million.

At December 28, 2024, the interest rate under the Term Credit Agreement was 

4.45

% plus 

1.60

% for a combined 

rate of 

6.05

%.

As of December 30, 2023, the borrowings outstanding under

this term loan were $

741

million.

At 

December 30, 2023, the interest rate under the Term Credit Agreement was 

5.36

% plus 

1.35

% for a combined rate 

of 

6.71

%.

However, we have a hedge in place that ultimately creates an effective fixed rate of 

6.04

% and 

5.79

% at 

December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively.

The Term Credit Agreement requires, among other 

things, that we maintain certain maximum leverage ratios.

Additionally, the Term

Credit Agreement contains 

customary representations, warranties and affirmative covenants as well as customary

negative covenants, subject 

to negotiated exceptions, on liens, indebtedness, significant corporate changes

(including mergers), dispositions and 

certain restrictive agreements.

U.S. Trade Accounts Receivable Securitization 

We have a facility agreement based on our U.S. trade accounts receivable that is structured as an asset-backed 

securitization program with pricing committed for up to 

three years

.

On December 6, 2024, we extended the 

expiration date of this facility agreement to 

December 6, 2027

(the previous maturity date was 

December 15, 2025

).

This facility agreement has a purchase limit of $

450

million with two banks as agents. 

As of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the borrowings outstanding

under this securitization facility 

were $

150

million and $

210

million, respectively.

At December 28, 2024, the interest rate on borrowings under 

this facility was based on the 

asset-backed commercial paper rate

of 

4.73

% plus 

0.75

%, for a combined rate of 

5.48

%.

At December 30, 2023, the interest rate on borrowings under

this facility was based on the asset-backed 

commercial paper rate of 

5.67

% plus 

0.75

%, for a combined rate of 

6.42

%. 

If our accounts receivable collection pattern changes due to customers

either paying late or not making payments, 

our ability to borrow under this facility may be reduced. 

We are required to pay a commitment fee of 

30

to 

35

basis points depending upon program utilization.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

117 

Note 15 – Income Taxes

Income before taxes and equity in earnings of affiliates was as follows:

Years

ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Domestic

$ 

338

$ 

424

$ 

506

Foreign

175

118

215

Total

$ 

513

$ 

542

$ 

721

The provisions for income taxes were as follows: 

Years

ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Current income tax expense: 

U.S. Federal

$ 

100

$ 

72

$ 

150

State and local

33

28

49

Foreign

56

40

44

Total current

189

140

243

Deferred income tax expense (benefit): 

U.S. Federal

(29)

9

(48)

State and local

(12)

(3)

(13)

Foreign

(20)

(26)

(12)

Total deferred

(61)

(20)

(73)

Total provision

$ 

128

$ 

120

$ 

170

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

118 

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to our deferred income tax asset (liability) were

as follows: 

Years

Ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

2024 

2023 

Deferred income tax asset: 

Net operating losses 

$ 

91

$ 

90

Other carryforwards 

37

34

Inventory, premium

coupon redemptions and accounts receivable 

valuation allowances

37

44

Operating lease liability 

76

80

Capitalization of research and development costs 

27

15

Other asset 

49

51

Total deferred income

tax asset

317

314

Valuation

allowance for deferred tax assets 

(1)

(38)

(36)

Net deferred income tax asset 

279

278

Deferred income tax liability 

Intangibles amortization 

(260)

(219)

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

(67)

(65)

Property and equipment 

(7)

(10)

Total deferred tax

liability 

(334)

(294)

Net deferred income tax asset (liability) 

$ 

(55)

$ 

(16)

(1) 

Primarily relates to operating losses, the benefits of which are uncertain.

Any future reductions of such valuation allowances will be 

reflected as a reduction of income tax expense.

The assessment of the amount of value assigned to our deferred tax assets under

the applicable accounting rules is 

judgmental.

We 

are required to consider all available positive and negative evidence

in evaluating the likelihood 

that we will be able to realize the benefit of our deferred tax assets in the future.

Such evidence includes reversals 

of deferred tax liabilities and projected future taxable income.

Since this evaluation requires consideration of 

events that may occur some years into the future, there is an element of

judgment involved.

Realization of our 

deferred tax assets is dependent on generating sufficient taxable income in future periods.

We 

believe that it is 

more likely than not that future taxable income will be sufficient to allow us to recover

substantially all of the value 

assigned to our deferred tax assets.

However, if future events cause us to conclude that it is not more likely than 

not that we will be able to recover the value assigned to our deferred tax assets, we

will be required to adjust our 

valuation allowance accordingly. 

As of December 28, 2024, we had federal, state and foreign net operating

loss carryforwards of approximately $

57

million, $

45

million and $

333

million, respectively.

The federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards 

will begin to expire in various years from 2025 through 2044.

The amounts of federal, state and foreign net 

operating losses that can be carried-forward indefinitely are $

57

million, $

16

million and $

311

million, 

respectively.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

119 

The tax provisions differ from the amount computed using the federal statutory income

tax rate as follows: 

Years

ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Income tax provision at federal statutory rate

$ 

108

$ 

114

$ 

151

State income tax provision, net of federal income tax effect

11

15

20

Foreign income tax provision 

10

5

4

Pass-through noncontrolling interest

1

(8)

(4)

Valuation

allowance

6

(3)

(2)

Unrecognized tax benefits and audit settlements 

5

9

11

Interest expense related to loans

(14)

(13)

(12)

Effect of cross border tax laws 

12

7

6

Other

(11)

(6)

(4)

Total income

tax provision

$ 

128

$ 

120

$ 

170

For the year ended December 28, 2024 our effective tax rate was 

24.9

%, compared to 

22.1

% for the prior year 

period.

In 2022, our effective tax rate was 

23.5

%.

The difference between our effective tax rate and the federal 

statutory tax rate is primarily due to state and foreign income taxes

and interest expense.

On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which requires U.S. companies to 

pay a mandatory one-time transition tax on historical offshore earnings that have not

been repatriated to the U.S.

The transition tax is payable over eight years.

Within our consolidated balance sheets, transition tax of $

24

million 

and $

11

million were included in accrued taxes for 2024 and 2023, respectively, and $

24

million was included in 

other liabilities for 2023. 

Due to the one-time transition tax and the imposition of the GILTI provisions, all previously unremitted earnings 

will no longer be subject to U.S. federal income tax; however, there could be U.S., state and/or foreign withholding 

taxes upon distribution of such unremitted earnings.

Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred tax 

liability with respect to such earnings is not practicable. 

The Organization of Economic Co-Operation and Development (OECD) issued

technical and administrative 

guidance on Pillar Two rules in December 2021, which provides for a global minimum tax rate on the earnings of 

large multinational businesses on a country-by-country basis.

Effective January 1, 2024, the minimum global tax 

rate is 15% for various jurisdictions pursuant to the Pillar Two rules.

Future tax reform resulting from these 

developments may result in changes to long-standing tax principles, which

may adversely impact our effective tax 

rate going forward or result in higher cash tax liabilities.

As of December 28, 2024, the impact of the Pillar Two 

rules to our financial statements was immaterial. 

ASC Topic 740 prescribes the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in accordance with other 

provisions contained within its guidance.

This topic prescribes a recognition threshold and a measurement

attribute 

for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or

expected to be taken in a tax 

return.

For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be

more likely than not to be sustained upon 

examination by the taxing authorities.

The amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that has 

a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate audit settlement.

In the normal course of business, 

our tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities.

Such examinations may result in future tax 

and interest assessments by these taxing authorities for uncertain tax positions

taken in respect of certain tax 

matters. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

120 

The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits, which are included in “other

liabilities” within our consolidated 

balance sheets, as of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 was $

108

million and $

115

million, respectively, 

of which $

100

million and $

107

million, respectively, would affect the effective tax rate if recognized.

It is 

possible that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change in the next 12

months, which may result in a 

material impact on our consolidated statements of income. 

All tax returns audited by the IRS are officially closed through 2020.

The tax years subject to examination by the 

IRS include years 2021 and forward.

In addition, limited positions reported in the 2017 tax year are subject

to IRS 

examination. 

The amount of tax interest expense included as a component of the provision

for taxes was $

2

million, $

4

million 

and $

0

million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

The total amount of accrued interest is included in other 

liabilities within our consolidated balance sheets, and was $

18

million as of December 28, 2024 and $

16

million as 

of December 30, 2023.

The amount of penalties accrued for during the periods presented was not

material to our 

consolidated financial statements.

The following table provides a reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits:

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Balance, beginning of period

$ 

98

$ 

82

$ 

71

Additions based on current year tax positions

5

9

14

Additions based on prior year tax positions

10

26

8

Reductions based on prior year tax positions

(14)

(2)

-

Reductions resulting from settlements with taxing authorities

-

(3)

(1)

Reductions resulting from lapse in statutes of limitations

(10)

(14)

(10)

Balance, end of period

$ 

89

$ 

98

$ 

82

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

121 

Note 16 – Plans of Restructuring and Integration Costs

On August 6, 2024, we committed to a new restructuring plan (the “2024

Plan”) to integrate recent acquisitions, 

right-size operations and further increase efficiencies.

During the year ended December 28, 2024, we recorded 

restructuring charges associated with the 2024 Plan of $

73

million, which primarily related to severance and 

employee-related costs, accelerated amortization of right-of-use

lease assets and fixed assets, impairment of 

intangible assets related to the disposal of a portion of a business

and other exit costs.

We expect to record 

restructuring charges associated with the 2024 Plan in 2025; however an estimate

of the amount of these charges 

has not yet been determined. 

During the year ended December 28, 2024, in connection with the 2024 Plan,

we recorded an impairment of 

goodwill and intangible assets of $

13

million related to the disposal of a portion of a business.

This impairment is 

included in the $

73

million of restructuring charges discussed above and related to the Global Specialty Products 

segment. 

On August 1, 2022, we committed to a restructuring plan (the “2022

Plan”) focused on funding the priorities of the 

BOLD+1 strategic plan, streamlining operations and other initiatives to

increase efficiency.

The 2022 Plan has 

been completed as of July 31, 2024.

During the years ended December 28, 2024, December

30, 2023, and 

December 31, 2022, in connection with our 2022 Plan, we recorded restructuring

costs of $

37

million, $

80

million, 

and $

128

million, respectively.

The restructuring costs for these periods primarily related to

severance and 

employee-related costs, accelerated amortization of right-of-use

lease assets and fixed assets, impairment of 

intangible assets related to disposal of a U.S. business,

and other exit costs.

During the year ended December 30, 2023, in connection with the 2022 Plan,

we recorded an impairment of an 

intangible asset of $

12

million related to disposal of a U.S. business.

This impairment is included in the $

80

million of restructuring costs discussed above and related to the Global Specialty

Products segment.

The disposal 

was completed during the first quarter of 2024.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, in connection with the 2022 Plan,

we vacated 

one

of the buildings at our 

corporate headquarters in Melville, New York, which resulted in an accelerated amortization of a right-of-use lease 

asset of $

34

million.

We also initiated the disposal of a non-profitable U.S. business within the Global Specialty 

Products segment and recorded related costs of $

49

million, which primarily consisted of impairment of intangible 

assets and goodwill, inventory impairment, and severance and employee-related

costs, which are included in the 

Global Specialty Products segment.

These costs are included in the $

128

million of restructuring charges discussed 

above.

The disposal was completed during the first quarter of 2023.

On August 26, 2022, we acquired Midway Dental Supply.

In connection with this acquisition, during the year 

ended December 31, 2022, we recorded integration costs of $

3

million related to one-time employee and other 

costs, as well as restructuring charges of $

9

million, which are included in the $

128

million of restructuring charges 

discussed above.

The integration and restructuring costs related to Midway Dental

Supply are recorded in the 

Global Distribution and Value-Added Services segment.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

122 

Restructuring and integration costs recorded during our 2024, 2023 and

2022 fiscal years consisted of the 

following:

Year Ended

December 28, 2024 

Global Distribution and 

Value-Added Services 

Global 

Specialty 

Products 

Global 

Technology 

Corporate 

Restructuring 

Costs 

Integration 

Costs 

Restructuring Costs 

Total 

2024 Plan 

Severance and employee-related costs 

$ 

31

$ 

-

$ 

5

$ 

6

$ 

2

$ 

44

Impairment and accelerated depreciation and 

amortization of right-of-use lease assets and 

other long-lived assets 

5

-

3

4

-

12

Exit and other related costs 

2

-

-

-

-

2

Loss on disposal of a business 

-

-

15

-

-

15

Restructuring and integration costs-2024 Plan 

$ 

38

$ 

-

$ 

23

$ 

10

$ 

2

$ 

73

2022 Plan 

Severance and employee-related costs 

$ 

18

$ 

-

$ 

5

$ 

1

$ 

-

$ 

24

Accelerated depreciation and amortization 

10

-

-

-

(3)

7

Exit and other related costs 

2

-

2

-

2

6

Restructuring and integration costs-2022 Plan 

$ 

30

$ 

-

$ 

7

$ 

1

$ 

(1)

$ 

37

Total restructuring and integration costs 

$ 

68

$ 

-

$ 

30

$ 

11

$ 

1

$ 

110

Year Ended

December 30, 2023 

Global Distribution and 

Value-Added Services 

Global 

Specialty 

Products 

Global 

Technology 

Corporate 

Restructuring 

Costs 

Integration 

Costs 

Restructuring Costs 

Total 

2022 Plan 

Severance and employee-related costs 

$ 

29

$ 

-

$ 

5

$ 

5

$ 

7

$ 

46

Impairment and accelerated depreciation and 

amortization of right-of-use lease assets and 

other long-lived assets 

13

-

-

2

-

15

Exit and other related costs 

3

-

1

-

2

6

Loss on disposal of a business 

-

-

13

-

-

13

Total restructuring and integration costs 

$ 

45

$ 

-

$ 

19

$ 

7

$ 

9

$ 

80

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

123 

Year Ended

December 31, 2022 

Global Distribution and 

Value-Added Services 

Global 

Specialty 

Products

Global 

Technology 

Corporate 

Restructuring 

Costs 

Integration 

Costs 

Restructuring Costs 

Total 

2022 Plan 

Severance and employee-related costs 

$ 

21

$ 

-

$ 

3

$ 

3

$ 

2

$ 

29

Impairment and accelerated depreciation and 

amortization of right-of-use lease assets and other 

long-lived assets 

11

-

-

-

36

47

Exit and other related costs 

2

-

-

-

1

3

Loss on disposal of a business 

-

-

49

-

-

49

Integration employee-related and other costs 

-

3

-

-

-

3

Total restructuring and integration costs 

$ 

34

$ 

3

$ 

52

$ 

3

$ 

39

$ 

131

The following table summarizes, by plan year, the activity related to the liabilities associated with

our restructuring 

initiatives under the 2022 Plan and the 2024 Plan for the year ended December

28, 2024.

The remaining accrued 

balance of restructuring costs as of December 28, 2024, which primarily

relates to severance and employee-related 

costs, is included in accrued expenses: other within our consolidated balance

sheets.

Liabilities related to exited 

leased facilities are recorded within our current and non-current operating

lease liabilities within our consolidated 

balance sheets.

2022 Plan 

2024 Plan 

Total 

Balance, December 31, 2022

$ 

24

$ 

\- 

$ 

24

Restructuring costs

80

\- 

80

Non-cash accelerated depreciation and amortization 

(15)

\- 

(15)

Non-cash impairment on disposal of a business 

(12)

\- 

(12)

Cash payments and other adjustments

(54)

\- 

(54)

Balance, December 30, 2023

23

-

23

Restructuring costs

37

73

110

Non-cash accelerated depreciation and amortization 

(7)

(12)

(19)

Non-cash impairment on disposal of a business 

-

(13)

(13)

Cash payments and other adjustments

(41)

(20)

(61)

Balance, December 28, 2024

$ 

12

$ 

28

$ 

40

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

124 

Note 17 – Commitments and Contingencies

Purchase Commitments 

In our Global Distribution and Value-Added Services business, we sometimes enter into long-term purchase 

commitments to ensure the availability of products for distribution.

Future minimum annual payments for 

inventory purchase commitments as of December 28, 2024 were:

2025

$ 

9

2026

5

2027

-

2028

-

2029

-

Thereafter

-

Total minimum

inventory purchase commitment payments 

$ 

14

Employment, Consulting and Non-Compete Agreements 

We have employment, consulting and non-compete agreements that have varying base aggregate annual payments 

for the years 2025 through 2029 and thereafter of approximately $

20

million, $

4

million, $

0

million, $

0

million, $

0

million, and $

0

million, respectively.

We also have lifetime consulting agreements that provide for current 

compensation of 

four-hundred thousand

dollars per year, with small scheduled increases every fifth year with the 

next increase in 2027.

In addition, some agreements have provisions for additional

incentives and compensation.

Legal Proceedings

Henry Schein, Inc. has been named as a defendant in multiple opioid

related lawsuits (currently less than one-

hundred and seventy-five (

175

); one or more of Henry Schein, Inc.’s subsidiaries is also named as a defendant in a 

number of those cases).

Generally, the lawsuits allege that the manufacturers of prescription opioid drugs engaged 

in a false advertising campaign to expand the market for such drugs and

their own market share and that the entities 

in the supply chain (including Henry Schein, Inc. and its subsidiaries) reaped

financial rewards by refusing or 

otherwise failing to monitor appropriately and restrict the improper distribution

of those drugs.

These actions 

consist of some that have been consolidated within the MultiDistrict Litigation

(“MDL”) proceeding In Re National 

Prescription Opiate Litigation (MDL No. 2804; Case No. 17-md-2804)

and are currently stayed, and others which 

remain pending in state courts and are proceeding independently and outside

of the MDL.

On January 29, 2025, 

the court granted our motion for summary judgment in the action

filed by Mobile County Board of Health, et al. in 

Alabama state court and dismissed all claims against Henry Schein

with prejudice.

We have settled the action filed 

by DCH Health Care Authority, et al. in Alabama state court (

thirty-four

plaintiffs) for an immaterial amount and 

the claims against Henry Schein have been dismissed with prejudice.

We have also settled 

forty-four

cases (plus 

one

case in which we were not yet named a defendant) filed by plaintiffs represented

by the Napoli Shkolnik PLLC 

law firm for an immaterial amount.

Stipulations of Discontinuance with Prejudice in those cases

are pending.

At 

this time, the following case is set for trial: the action filed by Florida Health Sciences

Center, Inc. (and 

25

other 

hospitals located throughout the State of Florida) in Florida state court,

which is currently scheduled for a jury trial 

in September 2025.

Of Henry Schein’s 2024 net sales of approximately $

12.7

billion, sales of opioids represented 

less than 

four

-tenths of 1 percent.

Opioids represent a negligible part of our business.

We intend to defend 

ourselves vigorously against these actions. 

On January 18, 2024, a putative class action was filed against the Company

in the U.S. District Court for the 

Eastern District of New York (“EDNY”), Case No. 24-cv-387 (the “Cruz-Bermudez Action”), based on the 

October 2023 cyber incident described in

Note 3 – Cyber Incident

.

On January 26, 2024, a second putative class 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

125 

action was filed against the Company based on the cyber incident, also

in the EDNY,

Case No. 24-cv-550 (the 

“Depperschmidt Action”).

On February 12, 2024, the Depperschmidt Action was voluntarily dismissed

without 

prejudice.

On February 16, 2024, an amended complaint was filed in

the Cruz-Bermudez Action with additional 

plaintiffs’ counsel from the Depperschmidt Action and an additional new plaintiff.

Plaintiffs in the Cruz-Bermudez Action seek to represent a class of all individuals

whose personally identifying 

information and personal health information was compromised by

the incident.

Plaintiffs generally claim to have 

been harmed by alleged actions and/or omissions by the Company

in connection with the incident and that the 

Company made deceptive public statements regarding privacy and data protection.

Plaintiffs assert a variety of 

claims seeking monetary damages, injunctive relief, costs and attorneys’

fees, and other related relief.

On March 

22, 2024, plaintiffs voluntarily withdrew two of their five causes of action.

On April 8, 2024, the court denied the 

Company’s motion to dismiss the remaining claims. 

On June 6, 2024, plaintiffs and the Company informed the court that they had agreed

to a term sheet for a class 

action settlement of the Cruz-Bermudez Action.

Plaintiffs and the Company entered into a class action settlement 

agreement on September 13, 2024, and the court preliminarily approved

the settlement on September 16, 

2024.

Under the terms of the settlement, all claims in the Cruz-Bermudez

Action will be dismissed, the Cruz-

Bermudez Action will be terminated, the Company will receive a

release of claims from the class, and the 

Company will pay $

2.9

million into a fund for class members.

The court has approved the settlement and entered 

the final approval order on February 20, 2025.

The settlement agreement’s effective date is 

35 days

after the final 

approval order assuming no appeals have been filed. 

From time to time, we may become a party to other legal proceedings,

including, without limitation, product 

liability claims, employment matters, commercial disputes, governmental

inquiries and investigations (which may 

in some cases involve our entering into settlement arrangements or consent

decrees), and other matters arising out 

of the ordinary course of our business.

While the results of any legal proceeding cannot be predicted with certainty, 

in our opinion none of these other pending matters are currently

anticipated to have a material adverse effect on our 

consolidated financial position, liquidity or results of operations. 

As of December 28, 2024, we had accrued our best estimate of potential

losses relating to claims that were probable 

to result in liability and for which we were able to reasonably estimate

a loss.

This accrued amount, as well as 

related expenses, was not material to our financial position, results of operations

or cash flows.

Our method for 

determining estimated losses considers currently available

facts, presently enacted laws and regulations and other 

factors, including probable recoveries from third parties.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

126 

Note 18 – Stock-Based Compensation

Stock-based awards are provided to certain employees under our 2024 Stock Incentive

Plan (formerly known as our 

2020 Stock Incentive Plan) and to non-employee directors under our 2023 Non-Employee

Director Stock Incentive 

Plan (together, the “Plans”).

The Plans are administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board

(the 

“Compensation Committee”).

Historically, equity-based awards to our employees have been granted solely in the 

form of time-based and performance-based restricted stock units (“RSUs”)

with the exception of our 2021 plan year 

in which non-qualified stock options were issued in place of performance-based

RSUs and in 2022, when we 

granted time-based and performance-based RSUs, as well as non-qualified

stock options.

Starting with our 2023 

plan year, we returned to granting our employees equity-based awards solely in the form of

time-based and 

performance-based RSUs.

Our non-employee directors receive equity-based awards solely in the form

of time-

based RSUs. 

As of December 28, 2024, there were 

75,742,657

shares authorized and 

9,973,475

shares available to be granted 

under the 2024 Stock Incentive Plan and 

2,075,000

shares authorized and 

361,724

shares available to be granted 

under the 2023 Non-Employee Director Stock Incentive Plan.

RSUs are stock-based awards granted to recipients with specified vesting provisions.

In the case of RSUs, common 

stock is delivered on or following satisfaction of vesting conditions.

We issue RSUs to employees that primarily 

vest (i) solely based on the recipient’s continued service over time, primarily with 

four

-year cliff vesting and/or (ii) 

based on achieving specified performance measurements and the recipient’s continued service over time, primarily 

with 

three

-year cliff vesting.

RSUs granted to our non-employee directors primarily include 

12

-month cliff vesting.

For these RSUs, we recognize the cost as compensation expense on a straight-line

basis. 

For all RSUs, we estimate the fair value based on our closing stock

price on the grant date.

With respect to 

performance-based RSUs, the number of shares that ultimately vest and

are received by the recipient is based upon 

our performance as measured against specified targets over a specified period, as

determined by the Compensation 

Committee.

Although there is no guarantee that performance targets will be achieved, we

estimate the fair value of 

performance-based RSUs based on our closing stock price at time of grant. 

Each of the Plans provide for certain adjustments to the performance measurement

in connection with awards under 

the Plans.

With respect to the performance-based RSUs granted under our 2024 Stock Incentive Plan, such 

performance measurement adjustments relate to significant events, including,

without limitation, acquisitions, 

divestitures, new business ventures, certain capital transactions (including share

repurchases), differences in 

budgeted average outstanding shares (other than those resulting from capital

transactions referred to above), 

restructuring costs, if any, amortization expense recorded for acquisition-related intangible assets (solely with 

respect to performance-based RSUs granted in the 2023 and 2024 plan years),

certain litigation settlements or 

payments, if any, changes in accounting principles or in applicable laws or regulations, changes in income tax rates 

in certain markets, foreign exchange fluctuations, the financial impact

either positive or negative, of the difference 

in projected earnings generated by COVID-19 test kits (solely with respect

to performance-based RSUs granted in 

the 2022 and 2023 plan years) and impairment charges (solely with respect to performance-based

RSUs granted in 

the 2023 and 2024 plan years), and unforeseen events or circumstances

affecting us. 

Over the performance period, the number of RSUs that will ultimately vest

and be issued and the related 

compensation expense is adjusted upward or downward based upon our

estimation of achieving such performance 

targets.

The ultimate number of shares delivered to recipients and the related compensation

cost recognized as an 

expense is based on our actual performance against the pre-determined performance

metrics (in each case as 

adjusted). 

Stock options are awards that allow the recipient to purchase shares of our

common stock after vesting at a fixed 

price set at the time of grant.

Stock options were granted at an exercise price equal to our

closing stock price on the 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

127 

date of grant.

Stock options issued in 2021 and 2022 vest 

one-third

per year based on the recipient’s continued 

service, subject to the terms and conditions of the 2020 Stock Incentive Plan,

are fully vested 

three years

from the 

grant date and have a contractual term of 

ten years

from the grant date, subject to earlier termination of term and 

term acceleration upon certain events.

Compensation expense for stock options is recognized using

a graded 

vesting method.

We estimate grant date fair value of stock options using the Black-Scholes valuation model.

During the year ended December 28, 2024, we did 

no

t grant any stock options. 

Our consolidated statements of income reflect pre-tax share-based compensation

expense of $

39

million, $

39

million and $

54

million for the years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023

and December 31, 2022, 

respectively. 

Total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested awards as of December 28, 2024 was $

66

million, which 

is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 

2.6

years.

The weighted-average grant date fair value of stock-based awards granted

was $

75.12

, $

76.43

and $

85.51

per share 

during the years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023 and December

31, 2022, respectively.

We 

record deferred income tax assets for awards that will result in

future income tax deductions based on the 

amount of compensation cost recognized and our statutory tax rate in the

jurisdiction in which we will receive a 

deduction. 

Our consolidated statements of cash flows present our stock-based compensation

expense as a reconciling 

adjustment between net income and net cash provided by operating

activities for all periods presented.

There were 

no cash benefits associated with tax deductions in excess of recognized

compensation for the years ended 

December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022.

The following weighted-average assumptions were used in determining

the most recent fair values of stock options 

using the Black-Scholes valuation model:

2022 

Expected dividend yield

0.00

% 

Expected stock price volatility

27.80

% 

Risk-free interest rate

3.62

% 

Expected life of options (in years)

6.00

We have not declared cash dividends on our stock in the past and we do not anticipate declaring cash dividends in 

the foreseeable future.

The expected stock price volatility is based on implied volatilities

from traded options on 

our stock, historical volatility of our stock and other factors.

The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. 

Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant that most closely aligns to the expected life of options.

The six-

year expected life of the options was determined using the simplified

method for estimating the expected term as 

permitted under Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 14.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

128 

The following table summarizes the stock option activity for the year

ended December 28, 2024:

Stock Options 

Weighted Average 

Aggregate 

Weighted Average

Remaining Contractual 

Intrinsic 

Shares 

Exercise Price 

Life (in years) 

Value 

Outstanding at beginning of year

1,078,459

$ 

71.46

Granted

-

-

Exercised

(100,077)

62.71

Forfeited

(14,891)

85.18

Outstanding at end of year

963,491

$ 

72.16

6.6

$ 

4

Options exercisable at end of year

837,341

$ 

70.11

Weighted Average 

Aggregate 

Number of 

Weighted Average 

Remaining Contractual 

Intrinsic 

Options 

Exercise Price 

Life (in years) 

Value 

Expected to vest 

126,150

$ 

85.77

7.2

$ 

-

The following tables summarize the activity of our unvested RSUs for

the year ended December 28, 2024:

Time-Based Restricted Stock Units 

Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units 

Weighted Average

Weighted Average

Grant Date Fair 

Intrinsic Value 

Grant Date Fair 

Intrinsic Value 

Shares/Units 

Value Per Share 

Per Share 

Shares/Units 

Value Per Share 

Per Share 

Outstanding at beginning of period

1,655,393

$ 

70.34

208,742

$ 

78.02

Granted

465,861

75.84

253,896

76.88

Vested

(332,084)

63.09

(8,262)

66.53

Forfeited

(103,620)

76.95

(65,265)

79.60

Outstanding at end of period

1,685,550

$ 

72.92

$ 

70.42

389,111

$ 

75.98

$ 

70.42

The fair value of time and performance RSUs that vested was $

21

million and $

1

million, respectively, for the year 

ended December 28, 2024; $

27

million and $

38

million, respectively, for the year ended December 30, 2023; and 

$

31

million and $

23

million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

129 

Note 19 – Employee Benefit Plans

Defined benefit plans 

Certain of our employees in our international markets participate

in various noncontributory defined benefit plans.

These plans are managed to provide pension benefits to covered employees

in accordance with local regulations 

and practices.

Our net unfunded liability for these plans are recorded

in accrued expenses: other; and other 

liabilities within our consolidated balance sheets.

The following table presents the changes in projected benefit 

obligations, plan assets, and the funded status of our defined benefit

pension plans:

Years

Ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

2024 

2023 

Obligation and funded status: 

Change in benefit obligation 

Projected benefit obligation, beginning of period 

$ 

125

$ 

108

Service costs 

4

3

Interest cost 

3

3

Past service cost (credit) 

(1)

1

Actuarial gain 

6

6

Participant contributions 

2

1

Settlements 

(1)

(3)

Effect of foreign currency translation 

(9)

6

Projected benefit obligation, end of period 

$ 

129

$ 

125

Change in plan assets 

Fair value of plan assets at beginning of period 

$ 

86

$ 

73

Actual return on plan assets 

3

4

Employer contributions 

3

2

Plan participant contributions 

2

1

Expected return on plan assets 

3

1

Benefit received 

1

2

Settlements 

(2)

(2)

Effect of foreign currency translation 

(6)

5

Fair value of plan assets at end of period 

$ 

90

$ 

86

Unfunded status at end of period 

$ 

39

$ 

39

The majority of our defined benefit plans are unfunded, with the exception

of one plan in one country where the 

amount of assets exceeds the projected benefit obligation by approximately

$

8

million and $

7

million as of 

December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively.

At December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 the 

accumulated benefit obligations were $

125

million and $

121

million, respectively.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

130 

The following table provides the amounts recognized in our consolidated

balance sheets for our defined benefit 

pension plans:

Years

Ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

2024 

2023 

Non-current assets 

$ 

28

$ 

27

Current liabilities 

(1)

(1)

Non-current liabilities 

(68)

(65)

Accumulated other comprehensive loss, pre-tax 

10

8

The following table provides the components of net periodic pension cost

for our defined benefit plans:

Years

Ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Service cost 

$ 

4

$ 

3

$ 

3

Interest cost 

3

3

1

Expected return on plan assets 

(3)

(3)

(1)

Employee contributions 

(1)

(1)

-

Amortization of prior service credit 

-

-

1

Net periodic pension cost 

$ 

3

$ 

2

$ 

4

The following tables present the weighted-average actuarial assumptions

used to determine our pension benefit 

obligation and our net periodic pension cost for the periods presented:

Years

Ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

Pension Benefit Obligation 

2024 

2023 

Weighted average

discount rate 

2.23

% 

2.71

%

Years

Ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

Net Periodic Pension Cost 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Discount rate-pension benefit 

1.70

% 

1.50

% 

1.25

% 

Expected return on plan assets 

1.13

% 

0.51

% 

0.81

% 

Rate of compensation increase 

1.98

% 

1.64

% 

1.68

% 

Pension increase rate 

0.63

% 

0.80

% 

0.61

%

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

131 

The following table presents the estimated pension benefit payments that

are payable to the plan’s participants as of 

December 28, 2024:

Year 

2025 

$ 

7

2026 

6

2027 

7

2028 

8

2029 

6

2030 to 2034 

41

Total 

$ 

75

401(k) Plans 

We offer

qualified 401(k) plans to substantially all domestic full-time employees.

As determined by our Board, 

matching contributions to these plans generally do not exceed 

100

% of the participants’ contributions up to 

7

% of 

their base compensation, subject to applicable legal limits.

Matching contributions are made in cash and are 

allocated consistent with the participants’ investment elections on file, subject

to a 

20

% allocation limit to the 

Henry Schein Stock Fund.

Forfeitures attributable to participants whose employment terminates

prior to becoming 

fully vested are reallocated as part of our ongoing matching contributions

and to offset administrative expenses of 

the 401(k) plans. 

Assets of the 401(k) and other defined contribution plans are held

in self-directed accounts enabling participants to 

choose from various investment fund options.

Matching contributions related to these plans charged to operations 

during the years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023 and December

31, 2022 amounted to $

48

million, 

$

50

million and $

45

million, respectively.

Within our consolidated statements of income, $

40

million, $

42

million, 

and $

37

million, is included in selling, general and administrative; and $

8

million, $

8

million, and $

8

million is 

included in cost of goods sold for the years ended December 28, 2024, December

30, 2023, and December 31, 

2022, respectively. 

Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 

We offer

an unfunded, non-qualified SERP to eligible employees.

This plan generally covers officers and certain 

highly compensated employees after they have reached the maximum

IRS allowed pre-tax 401(k) contribution 

limit.

Our contributions to this plan are equal to the 401(k) employee-elected

contribution percentage applied to 

base compensation for the portion of the year in which such employees are

not eligible to make pre-tax 

contributions to the 401(k) plan.

The amounts charged to operations during the years ended December 28, 2024, 

December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022 amounted to $

2

million, $

3

million and $

(1)

million, respectively.

The 

charges are included in selling, general and administrative within our consolidated

statements of income.

Please 

see 

Note 13 – Derivatives and Hedging Activities

for additional information.

Deferred Compensation Plan 

We 

offer DCP to a select group of management or highly compensated employees

of the Company and certain 

subsidiaries.

This plan allows for the elective deferral of base salary, bonus and/or commission compensation by 

eligible employees.

The amounts (credited)/charged to operations during the years ended December

28, 2024, 

December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022 were approximately $

12

million, $

12

million and $

(11)

million, 

respectively.

The charges are included in selling, general and administrative within our consolidated

statements of 

income.

Please see 

Note 13 – Derivatives and Hedging Activities

for additional information. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

132 

Note 20 – Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests

Some minority stockholders in certain of our subsidiaries have the right,

at certain times, to require us to acquire 

their ownership interest in those entities at fair value.

ASC Topic 480-10 is applicable for noncontrolling interests 

where we are or may be required to purchase all or a portion of the

outstanding interest in a consolidated subsidiary 

from the noncontrolling interest holder under the terms of a put option contained

in contractual agreements.

The 

components of the change in the redeemable noncontrolling interests for the

years ended December 28, 2024, 

December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022, are presented in the following table:

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Balance, beginning of period

$ 

864

$ 

576

$ 

613

Decrease in redeemable noncontrolling interests due to acquisitions of 

noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 

(273)

(19)

(31)

Increase in redeemable noncontrolling interests due to business 

acquisitions 

171

326

4

Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 

(1)

6

21

Distributions declared, net of capital contributions 

(50)

(19)

(21)

Effect of foreign currency translation gain (loss) attributable

to 

redeemable noncontrolling interests 

(24)

5

(6)

Change in fair value of redeemable securities

119

(11)

(4)

Balance, end of period

$ 

806

$ 

864

$ 

576

Note 21 – Comprehensive Income

Comprehensive income includes certain gains and losses that, under U.S.

GAAP,

are excluded from net income and 

are recorded directly to stockholders’ equity.

The following table summarizes our Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net

of applicable taxes as of:

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests: 

Foreign currency translation adjustment

$ 

(56)

$ 

(32)

$ 

(37)

Attributable to noncontrolling interests: 

Foreign currency translation adjustment

$ 

(1)

$ 

(1)

$ 

(1)

Attributable to Henry Schein, Inc.: 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

$ 

(371)

$ 

(188)

$ 

(236)

Unrealized gain (loss) from hedging activities

-

(13)

5

Pension adjustment loss

(8)

(5)

(2)

Accumulated other comprehensive loss

$ 

(379)

$ 

(206)

$ 

(233)

Total Accumulated

other comprehensive loss

$ 

(436)

$ 

(239)

$ 

(271)

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

133 

The following table summarizes the components of comprehensive income, net

of applicable taxes as follows:

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Net income

$ 

398

$ 

436

$ 

566

Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 

(207)

53

(88)

Tax effect

-

-

-

Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 

(207)

53

(88)

Unrealized gain (loss) from hedging activities

18

(25)

10

Tax effect

(5)

7

(3)

Unrealized gain (loss) from hedging activities

13

(18)

7

Pension adjustment gain (loss) 

(5)

(3)

16

Tax effect

2

-

(4)

Pension adjustment gain (loss) 

(3)

(3)

12

Comprehensive income

$ 

201

$ 

468

$ 

497

Our financial statements are denominated in U.S. Dollars.

Fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies as 

compared to the U.S. Dollar may have a significant impact on our

comprehensive income.

The foreign currency 

translation gain (loss) during the years ended December 28, 2024, December 30,

2023 and December 31, 2022 was 

primarily due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates of the Brazilian

Real, Euro, British Pound, Canadian 

Dollar, Australian Dollar,

Swiss Franc, and New Zealand Dollar. 

The hedging gain (loss) during the years ended December 28, 2024, December

30, 2023, and December 31, 2022 

was attributable to a net investment hedge.

See 

Note 11 – Derivatives and Hedging Activities

for further 

information. 

The following table summarizes our total comprehensive income, net of

applicable taxes as follows:

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Comprehensive income attributable to 

Henry Schein, Inc.

$ 

217

$ 

443

$ 

476

Comprehensive income attributable to 

noncontrolling interests

9

14

6

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to 

Redeemable noncontrolling interests

(25)

11

15

Comprehensive income

$ 

201

$ 

468

$ 

497

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

134 

Note 22 – Earnings Per Share

Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net income attributable

to Henry Schein, Inc. by the weighted-

average number of common shares outstanding for the period.

Our diluted earnings per share is computed similarly 

to basic earnings per share, except that it reflects the effect of common shares issuable

for unvested RSUs and upon 

exercise of stock options using the treasury stock method in periods

in which they have a dilutive effect. 

A reconciliation of shares used in calculating earnings per basic and

diluted share follows:

Years

Ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Basic

126,788,997

130,618,990

136,064,221

Effect of dilutive securities: 

Stock options and restricted stock units

990,231

1,129,181

1,691,449

Diluted 

127,779,228

131,748,171

137,755,670

The number of antidilutive securities that were excluded from the calculation

of diluted weighted average common 

shares outstanding are as follows:

Years

Ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Stock options 

406,676

424,695

342,716

Restricted stock units 

9,287

15,040

19,466

Total anti-dilutive

securities excluded from earnings per share 

computation 

415,963

439,735

362,182

Note 23 – Supplemental Cash Flow Information

Cash paid for interest and income taxes was:

Years

ended 

December 28, 

December 30, 

December 31, 

2024 

2023 

2022 

Interest

$ 

132

$ 

84

$ 

47

Income taxes

144

218

265

For the years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023 and December

31, 2022, we had $

18

million, $

(25)

million and $

10

million of non-cash net unrealized gains (losses) related to hedging

activities, respectively.

See 

Note 13 – Derivatives and Hedging Activities

for additional information related to our total return swap and

our 

interest rate swap agreements. 

For the year ended December 30, 2023, there was approximately $

143

million of debt assumed as part of the 

acquisitions of Biotech Dental and S.I.N.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

HENRY SCHEIN, INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(in millions, except share and per share data) 

135 

Note 24 – Related Party Transactions

In connection with the formation of Henry Schein One, LLC, our joint venture

with Internet Brands, which was 

formed on July 1, 2018, we entered into a 

ten-year

royalty agreement with Internet Brands whereby we will pay 

Internet Brands approximately $

31

million annually for the use of their intellectual property.

During the years 

ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022, we recorded

$

31

million, $

31

million and 

$

31

million, respectively, within selling, general and administrative in our consolidated statements of income, in 

connection with costs related to this royalty agreement.

As of December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, Henry 

Schein One, LLC had a net payable balance to Internet Brands of $

1

million and $

1

million, respectively, 

comprised of amounts related to results of operations and the royalty agreement.

The components of this payable 

are recorded within accrued expenses: other within our consolidated balance sheets. 

We 

have interests in entities that we account for under the equity accounting

method.

In our normal course of 

business, during the years ended December 28, 2024, December 30, 2023

and December 31, 2022, we recorded net 

sales of $

52

million, $

47

million, and $

46

million respectively, to such entities.

During the years ended December 

28, 2024, December 30, 2023 and December 31, 2022, we purchased

$

11

million, $

10

million and $

9

million 

respectively, from such entities.

At December 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, we had an aggregate

$

31

million 

and $

32

million, respectively, due from our equity affiliates, and $

6

million and $

5

million, respectively, due to our 

equity affiliates. 

Certain of our facilities related to our acquisitions are leased from employees

and minority shareholders.

Please see 

Note 8 – Leases

for further information. 

Note 25 – Subsequent Event

On January 29, 2025, Henry Schein, Inc. announced a strategic investment

by funds affiliated with KKR, a leading 

global investment firm.

In addition to KKR’s current holdings, KKR will make an additional $

250

million 

investment in the Company’s common stock.

As a result, KKR will own approximately 

12

% of the Company’s 

stock.

KKR will also have the ability to purchase additional shares via

open market purchases up to a total equity 

stake of 

14.9

% of the outstanding common shares of the Company.

In addition, under the agreement 

between Henry Schein and KKR, 

two

independent directors will join our Board of Directors.

Upon consummation 

of this strategic investment,

we will issue new shares of common stock to funds affiliated with KKR for an 

investment of $

250

million, at approximately $

76.10

per share.

As part of the agreement, KKR has also agreed to 

customary voting and other provisions.

Consummation of these transactions is subject to customary closing 

conditions, including the expiration or termination of any waiting

period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and 

certain foreign regulatory approvals.

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

136 

ITEM 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and

Financial Disclosure 

None. 

ITEM 9A.

Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including

our principal executive officer and 

principal financial officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and 

procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report as such

term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 

15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,

as amended (the “Exchange Act”).

Based on 

this evaluation, our management, including our principal executive

officer and principal financial officer, 

concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 28, 2024,

to ensure that all 

material information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file

or submit under the Exchange Act is 

accumulated and communicated to them as appropriate to allow timely

decisions regarding required disclosure and 

that all such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported

within the time periods specified in the 

SEC’s rules and forms, and the rules of the Nasdaq stock exchange. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The combination of continued acquisition integrations and systems

implementation activity undertaken during the 

quarter and carried over from prior quarters, when considered in

the aggregate, represents a material change in our 

internal control over financial reporting.

As previously reported, the full integration of TriMed Inc. (“TriMed”) 

will extend beyond year-end and, therefore, we excluded TriMed, which represents less than 0.5% of our total

net 

sales, from our annual assessment of internal control over financial

reporting as of December 28, 2024,

as permitted 

by related SEC staff interpretive guidance for newly acquired businesses. 

During the quarter ended December 28, 2024,

post-acquisition integration related activities continued for our

dental 

and medical businesses acquired during prior quarters.

These acquisitions, the majority of which utilize separate 

information and financial accounting systems, have been included

in our consolidated financial statements since 

their respective dates of acquisition.

Also, during the quarter ended December 28, 2024, we completed the systems

implementation activities for 

implementing a new e-commerce system for our dental and medical

businesses in the UK.

Finally, we continued 

systems implementation activities for our dental business in France and

Ireland. 

All acquisitions, continued acquisition integrations and systems implementation

activities involve necessary and 

appropriate change-management controls that are considered in our quarterly

assessment of the design and 

operating effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 

The deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting identified

as of December 30, 2023 at the application 

control level related to logical and user access management and segregation

of duties have continued to be the 

subject of ongoing remediation, including implementation of specific

action plans and the testing/validation of 

control operating effectiveness, which were substantially completed as of our year-end on December

28, 2024. 

Management’s

Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate

internal control over financial reporting, 

as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f).

Our internal control system is designed to provide 

reasonable assurance to our management and Board regarding the preparation

and fair presentation of published 

financial statements.

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,

including our principal 

executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal 

control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated

Framework (2013), updated 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

137 

and reissued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations, or the COSO Framework.

Based on our evaluation 

under the COSO Framework, our management concluded that our

internal control over financial reporting was 

effective at a reasonable assurance level as of December 28, 2024. 

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 28,

2024, has been independently 

audited by BDO USA, P.C., an independent registered public accounting firm and their attestation is included 

herein. 

Limitations of the Effectiveness of Internal Control

A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only

reasonable, not absolute, assurance 

that the objectives of the internal control system are met.

Because of the inherent limitations of any internal control 

system, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that

all control issues, if any, within a company 

have been detected. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

138 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders and Board of Directors 

Henry Schein, Inc.

Melville, NY 

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We

have audited Henry

Schein, Inc.’s

(the “Company’s”)

internal control over

financial reporting as

of December 

28, 2024, based on

criteria established in Internal Control

– Integrated Framework (2013) issued

by the Committee 

of

Sponsoring

Organizations

of

the

Treadway

Commission

(the

“COSO

criteria”).

In

our

opinion,

the

Company 

maintained,

in

all

material

respects,

effective

internal

control

over

financial

reporting

as

of

December

28,

2024, 

based on the COSO criteria. 

We

also

have

audited,

in

accordance

with

the

standards

of

the

Public

Company

Accounting

Oversight

Board 

(United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 28, 2024 and December 

30, 2023,

the related

consolidated statements

of income,

comprehensive income,

changes in

stockholders’ equity, 

and cash

flows for

each of

the three

years in

the period

ended December

28, 2024,

and the

related notes

and our 

report dated February 25, 2025 expressed an unqualified opinion

thereon. 

Basis for Opinion

The Company’s

management is

responsible for

maintaining effective

internal control

over financial

reporting and 

for

its

assessment

of

the

effectiveness

of

internal

control

over

financial

reporting,

included

in

the

accompanying 

“Item 9A, Management’s

Report on Internal

Control over Financial Reporting”. Our

responsibility is to express

an 

opinion on the

Company’s internal

control over financial

reporting based on

our audit. We

are a public

accounting 

firm

registered

with

the

PCAOB and

are

required

to

be

independent

with

respect

to

the

Company in

accordance 

with

U.S.

federal

securities

laws

and

the

applicable

rules

and

regulations

of

the

Securities

and

Exchange 

Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. 

Those standards require

that we plan

and perform the

audit to

obtain reasonable assurance

about whether effective 

internal

control

over

financial

reporting

was

maintained

in

all

material

respects.

Our

audit

included

obtaining

an 

understanding

of

internal

control

over

financial

reporting,

assessing

the

risk

that

a

material

weakness

exists,

and 

testing

and

evaluating

the

design

and

operating

effectiveness

of

internal

control

based

on

the

assessed

risk.

Our 

audit also included performing

such other procedures as we

considered necessary in the

circumstances. We

believe 

that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

As indicated in

the accompanying “Item

9A, Management’s

Report on Internal

Control over Financial

Reporting”, 

management’s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control

over financial reporting did not 

include

the

internal

controls

of

TriMed

Inc.,

which was

acquired

on

April

1,

2024,

and

which is

included in

the 

consolidated balance

sheets of

the Company

as of

December 28,

2024, and

the related

consolidated statements

of 

income, comprehensive

income, changes

in stockholders’

equity,

and cash

flows for

the year

then ended.

TriMed 

Inc. constituted less than 0.5% of total

net sales for the year ended

December 28, 2024. Management did not assess 

the effectiveness of internal control

over financial reporting of TriMed

Inc. because of the timing of

the acquisition 

which was

completed on April

1, 2024. Our

audit of

internal control over

financial reporting of

the Company also 

did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting

of TriMed Inc. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A

company’s

internal

control

over

financial

reporting

is

a

process

designed

to

provide

reasonable

assurance 

regarding the

reliability of

financial reporting

and the

preparation of

financial statements

for external

purposes in 

accordance

with

generally

accepted

accounting

principles.

A

company’s

internal

control

over

financial

reporting 

includes

those

policies

and

procedures

that

(1)

pertain

to

the

maintenance

of

records

that,

in

reasonable

detail, 

accurately and

fairly reflect

the transactions

and dispositions

of the

assets of

the company;

(2) provide

reasonable 

assurance

that

transactions

are

recorded

as

necessary

to

permit

preparation

of

financial

statements

in

accordance 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

139 

with generally

accepted accounting

principles, and

that receipts

and expenditures

of the

company are

being made 

only

in

accordance with

authorizations of

management and

directors of

the

company; and

(3) provide

reasonable 

assurance

regarding

prevention

or

timely

detection

of

unauthorized

acquisition,

use,

or

disposition

of

the 

company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because

of

its

inherent

limitations,

internal

control

over

financial

reporting

may

not

prevent

or

detect 

misstatements.

Also,

projections

of

any

evaluation

of

effectiveness

to

future

periods

are

subject

to

the

risk

that 

controls

may

become

inadequate

because

of

changes

in

conditions,

or

that

the

degree

of

compliance

with

the 

policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ BDO USA, P.C.

New York

,

NY

February 25, 2025

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

140 

ITEM 9B.

Other Information 

No

t applicable. 

ITEM 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

PART

III 

ITEM 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Information required by this item regarding our directors and executive

officers and our corporate governance is 

hereby incorporated by reference to the Section entitled “Election of Directors,”

with respect to directors, and the 

first paragraph of the Section entitled “Corporate Governance - Board

of Directors Meetings and Committees - 

Audit Committee,” with respect to corporate governance, in each case

in our definitive 2025 Proxy Statement to be 

filed pursuant to Regulation 14A and to the Section entitled “Information

about our Executive Officers” in Part I of 

this report, with respect to executive officers.

There have been no changes to the procedures by which stockholders

may recommend nominees to our Board since 

our last disclosure of such procedures, which appeared in our definitive

2024 Proxy Statement filed pursuant to 

Regulation 14A on April 10, 2024. 

Information required by this item concerning compliance with Section

16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 

1934 is hereby incorporated by reference to the Section entitled

“Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports” in our 

definitive 2025 Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A,

to the extent responsive disclosure is 

required. 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief 

Accounting Officer and Controller.

We make available free of charge through our Internet website, 

www.henryschein.com,

under the “About Henry Schein--Corporate Governance

Highlights” caption, our Code of 

Ethics.

We intend to disclose on our Web

site any amendment to, or waiver of, a provision of the Code

of Ethics. 

The Company 

has

adopted an insider trading policy, and accompanying procedures, applicable to all of our TSMs 

and members of our Board of Directors, which we believe is reasonably

designed to promote compliance with 

insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and Nasdaq listing standards.

Our insider trading policy, which is 

attached as Exhibit 19.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K,

prohibits our TSMs from trading in securities of the 

Company while in possession of material, non-public information, and, among other

things, requires that 

designated individuals holding certain positions only transact

in Company securities during an open window period 

(with appropriate preclearance for members of our Executive Management

Committee and Board of Directors), 

subject to limited exceptions.

The Company also requires periodic training for certain senior officers and

others 

likely to learn material, non-public information in the course of their

job duties.

The Company also has a practice 

that requires that any transactions by the Company in its securities

are pre-cleared by appropriate members of its 

General Counsel’s office. 

ITEM 11.

Executive Compensation 

The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference

to the Sections

entitled “Compensation 

Discussion and Analysis,” “Compensation Committee Report” (which

information shall be deemed furnished in 

this Annual Report on Form 10-K), “Executive and Director Compensation” and

“Compensation Committee 

Interlocks and Insider Participation” in our definitive 2025 Proxy Statement

to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

141 

ITEM 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

and Related Stockholder 

Matters 

We maintain several stock incentive plans for the benefit of certain officers, directors and employees.

All active 

plans have been approved by our stockholders.

Descriptions of these plans appear in the notes to our consolidated 

financial statements.

The following table summarizes information relating to these plans as

of December 28, 2024: 

Number of Common 

Shares to be Issued Upon 

Weighted-

Average 

Number of Common 

Exercise of Outstanding 

Exercise Price of 

Shares Available

for 

Plan Category 

Options and Rights 

Outstanding Options 

Future Issuances 

Plans Approved by Stockholders

\- 

$ 

\- 

10,335,199 

Plans Not Approved by Stockholders

\- 

\- 

\- 

Total

\- 

$ 

\- 

10,335,199 

The other information required by this item is hereby incorporated by

reference to the Section entitled “Security 

Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” in our definitive

2025 Proxy Statement to be filed 

pursuant to Regulation 14A. 

ITEM 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference

to the Section entitled “Certain 

Relationships and Related Transactions” and “Corporate Governance – Board of Directors Meetings and 

Committees – Independent Directors” in our definitive 2025 Proxy Statement

to be filed pursuant to Regulation 

14A.

ITEM 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference

to the Section entitled “Independent 

Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Pre-Approval Policies and

Procedures” in our definitive 2025 Proxy 

Statement to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A.

PART

IV 

ITEM 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

(a)

List of Documents Filed as a Part of This Report: 

1\. 

Financial Statements: 

Our Consolidated Financial Statements filed as a part of this report

are listed on the index on

Page 72. 

2\. 

Index to Exhibits: 

See exhibits listed under Item 15(b) below. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

142 

(b) Exhibits

3.1

Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Henry Schein, Inc. 

(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 

1, 2018.)

3.2

Fourth Amended and Restated By-Laws of Henry Schein, Inc., effective March 23, 2023.

(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on 

March 24, 2023.)

4.1

Third Amended and Restated Multicurrency Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of 

October 20, 2021, by and among us, Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, MetLife 

Investment Management, LLC and each MetLife affiliate which becomes party thereto.

(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on 

October 21, 2021.)

4.2

Third Amended and Restated Master Note Facility, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and 

among us, NYL Investors LLC and each New York Life affiliate which becomes party 

thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed 

on October 21, 2021.)

4.3

Third Amended and Restated Multicurrency Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of October 

20, 2021, by and among us, PGIM, Inc. and each Prudential affiliate which becomes party 

thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed 

on October 21, 2021.)

4.4

Multicurrency Private Shelf Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and among us, 

AIG Asset Management (U.S.), LLC and each AIG affiliate which becomes party thereto.

(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on 

October 21, 2021.)

4.5

Description of Securities. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to our Annual Report 

on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2021 filed on February 15, 2022.)

10.1

Henry Schein, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective as of May 

21, 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K 

filed on May 26, 2020.)**

10.2

Form of 2021 Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Henry Schein, Inc. 2020 Stock 

Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective as of May 21, 2020). (Incorporated by 

reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2021.)**

10.3

Form of 2021 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for time-based restricted stock unit awards 

pursuant to the Henry Schein, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended and restated 

effective as of May 21, 2020). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly 

Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 26, 2022 filed on May 3, 2022.)**

10.4

Form of 2022 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for performance-based restricted stock unit 

awards pursuant to the Henry Schein, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended and 

restated effective as of May 21, 2020). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our 

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 26, 2022 filed on May 

3, 2022.)**

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

143 

10.5

Form of 2024 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for time-based restricted stock unit awards 

pursuant to the Henry Schein, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended and restated 

effective as of May 21, 2020). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly 

Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 30, 2024 filed on May 7, 2024.)**

10.6

Form of 2024 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for performance-based restricted stock unit 

awards pursuant to the Henry Schein, Inc. 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended and 

restated effective as of May 21, 2020). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our 

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 30, 2024 filed on May 

7, 2024.)**

10.7

Henry Schein, Inc. 2024 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective as of 

May 21, 2024 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-

K filed on May 24, 2024.)**

10.8

Henry Schein, Inc. 2015 Non-Employee Director Stock Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by 

reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended 

June 27, 2015 filed on July 29, 2015.)**

10.9

Form of 2018 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for time-based restricted stock unit awards 

pursuant to the Henry Schein, Inc. 2015 Non-Employee Director Stock Incentive Plan (as 

amended and restated effective as of June 22, 2015). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 

10.6 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2018 

filed on May 8, 2018.)**

10.10

Henry Schein, Inc. 2023 Non-Employee Director Stock Incentive Plan, as amended and 

restated effective as of May 23, 2023. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our 

Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 25, 2023).**

10.11

Form of 2024 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for time-based restricted stock unit awards 

pursuant to the Henry Schein, Inc. 2023 Non-Employee Director Stock Incentive Plan (as 

amended and restated effective as of May 23, 2023). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 

10.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 30, 2024 

filed on May 7, 2024.)**

10.12

Henry Schein, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, amended and restated 

effective as of January 1, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly 

Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 28, 2013 filed on November 

5, 2013.)**

10.13

Amendment Number One to the Henry Schein, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement 

Plan, amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to 

Exhibit 10.18 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28, 

2019 filed on February 20, 2020.)**

10.14

Amendment Number Two to the Henry Schein, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement 

Plan, amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to 

Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 28, 

2020 filed on May 5, 2020.)**

10.15

Amendment Number Three to the Henry Schein, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement 

Plan, amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to 

Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 

26, 2020 filed on November 2, 2020.)**

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

144 

10.16

Amendment Number Four to the Henry Schein, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement 

Plan, amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to 

Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 18, 2023.)**

10.17

Henry Schein, Inc. 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, effective as of May 25, 2004.

(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit D to our definitive 2004 Proxy Statement on 

Schedule 14A, filed on April 27, 2004.)**

10.18

Henry Schein, Inc. Non-Employee Director Deferred Compensation Plan, amended

and restated effective as of January 1, 2005. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit

10.11 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27,

2008 filed on February 24, 2009.)**

10.19

Henry Schein, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective as of

November 14, 2023. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on 

Form 8-K filed on November 16, 2023.)**

10.20

Henry Schein, Inc. Incentive Plan and Plan Summary, effective as of January 1, 2024. 

(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the 

fiscal quarter ended March 30, 2024 filed on May 7, 2024.)**

10.21

Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of November 28, 2022, by and 

between Henry Schein, Inc. and Stanley M. Bergman. (Incorporated by reference to 

Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 29, 2022.)**

10.22

Form of Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement dated December 12, 2008 

between us and certain executive officers who are a party thereto (James Breslawski, 

Michael S. Ettinger, and Mark Mlotek, respectively). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 

10.15 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 27, 2008 

filed on February 24, 2009.)**

10.23

Form of Amendment to Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement effective 

January 1, 2012 between us and certain executive officers who are a party thereto (James 

Breslawski, Michael S. Ettinger, and Mark Mlotek, respectively). (Incorporated by 

reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 20, 2012.)**

10.24

Henry Schein, Inc. Executive Change in Control Plan, effective as of May 2, 2022 between 

us and certain executive officers who are a party thereto (Ronald N. South). (Incorporated 

by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter 

ended March 26, 2022 filed on May 3, 2022.)**

10.25

Form of Indemnification Agreement between us and certain directors and executive 

officers who are a party thereto (Mohamed Ali, Deborah Derby, Carole T. Faig, Joseph L. 

Herring, Robert J. Hombach, Kurt P. Kuehn, Philip A. Laskawy, Anne H. Margulies, Carol 

Raphael, Scott P. Serota, Bradley T. Sheares, Ph.D., Reed V. Tuckson, M.D., FACP, 

Stanley M. Bergman, James P. Breslawski, Michael S. Ettinger, Mark E. Mlotek and 

Ronald N. South, respectively). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly 

Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 26, 2015 filed on November 

4, 2015.)**

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

145 

10.26

Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2023, 

among us, the several lenders parties thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as 

administrative agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as syndication agent, and TD Bank, 

N.A., Bank of America, N.A., UniCredit Bank, A.G., the Bank of New York Mellon, ING 

Bank, N.V. and HSBC Bank USA, N.A., as co-documentation agents. (Incorporated by 

reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 13, 2023.)

10.27

Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of July 11, 2023, among us, the several lenders 

parties thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent,

U.S. Bank National Association, as syndication agent, and TD Bank, N.A.,

Bank of America, N.A. and UniCredit Bank, A.G., as co-documentation agents.

(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K

filed on July 13, 2023.)

10.28

Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as 

servicer, HSFR, Inc., as seller, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., as agent and the 

various purchaser groups from time to time party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to 

Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 19, 2013.)

10.29

Amendment No. 1 dated as of September 22, 2014 to the Receivables Purchase 

Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as servicer, HSFR, Inc., as seller, 

The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, LTD., New York Branch, as agent and the various 

purchaser groups from time to time party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 

10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 26, 2014.)

10.30

Amendment No. 2 dated as of April 17, 2015 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as 

of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as performance guarantor, HSFR, Inc., as seller, The 

Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as agent and the various 

purchaser groups party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly 

Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 25, 2016 filed on August 4, 2016.)

10.31

Amendment No. 3 dated as of June 1, 2016 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as 

of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as performance guarantor, HSFR, Inc., as seller, The 

Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as agent and the various 

purchaser groups party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly 

Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 25, 2016 filed on August 4, 2016.)

10.32

Amendment No. 4 dated as of July 6, 2017 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as 

of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as performance guarantor, HSFR, Inc., as seller, The 

Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as agent and the various 

purchaser groups party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly 

Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2017 filed on November 

6, 2017.)

10.33

Amendment No. 5 dated as of May 13, 2019 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as 

of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as performance guarantor, HSFR, Inc., as seller, The 

Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., New York Branch, as agent and the various 

purchaser groups party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly 

Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 29, 2019 filed on August 6, 2019.)

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

146 

10.34

Limited Waiver dated as of May 22, 2020 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of 

April 17, 2013, by and among us, as servicer, HSFR, Inc., as seller, lender, as agent and the 

various purchaser groups from time to time party thereto, as amended. (Incorporated by 

reference to Exhibit 10.7 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended 

June 27, 2020 filed on August 4, 2020.)

10.35

Amendment No. 6 dated as of June 22, 2020 to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, 

dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as servicer, HSFR, Inc., as seller, lender, as 

agent and the various purchaser groups from time to time party thereto. (Incorporated by 

reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 25, 2020.)

10.36

Amendment No. 7 dated as of October 20, 2021 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated 

as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as servicer, HSFR, Inc., as seller, lender, as agent 

and the various purchaser groups from time to time party thereto. (Incorporated by 

reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2021.)

10.37

Amendment No. 8 dated as of December 15, 2022 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, 

dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as servicer, HSFR, Inc., as seller, lender, as 

agent and the various purchaser groups from time to time party thereto. (Incorporated by 

reference to Exhibit 10.45 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 

December 31, 2022 filed on February 21, 2023.)

10.38

Omnibus Amendment No. 1, dated July 22, 2013, to Receivables Purchase Agreement 

dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as servicer, HSFR, Inc., as seller, The Bank 

of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., as agent, and the various purchaser groups from time to 

time party thereto and Receivables Sales Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2013, by and 

among us, certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries and HSFR, Inc., as 

buyer. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 

for the fiscal quarter ended June 29, 2013 filed on August 6, 2013.)

10.39

Omnibus Amendment No. 2, dated April 21, 2014, to Receivables Purchase Agreement 

dated as of April 17, 2013, as amended, by and among us, as servicer, HSFR, Inc., as 

seller, The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., as agent, and the various purchaser 

groups from time to time party thereto and Receivables Sales Agreement, dated as of April 

17, 2013, by and among us, certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries and HSFR, Inc., as 

buyer. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q 

for the fiscal quarter ended March 29, 2014 filed on May 6, 2014.)

10.40

Receivables Sale Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, certain of our 

wholly-owned subsidiaries and HSFR, Inc., as buyer. (Incorporated by reference to 

Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 19, 2013.)

10.41

Strategic Partnership Agreement, dated January 29, 2025, by and between us and KKR 

Hawaii Aggregator L.P. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report 

on Form 8-K filed on January 29, 2025.)

10.42

Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and between us and KKR Hawaii Aggregator 

L.P. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on 

January 29, 2025.)

19.1

Henry Schein, Inc. Insider Trading Policy (amended and restated as of January 1, 2025)+

21.1

List of our Subsidiaries.+

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

147 

23.1

Consent of BDO USA, P.C.+

31.1

Certification of our Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley 

Act of 2002.+

31.2

Certification of our Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley 

Act of 2002.+

32.1

Certification of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 

Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.+

97.1

Henry Schein, Inc. Dodd-Frank Clawback Policy, effective as of December 1, 2023.

(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 

fiscal year ended December 30, 2023 filed on February 28, 2024.)**

99.1

Amendment No. 9 dated as of December 20, 2023 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, 

dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as servicer, HSFR, Inc., as seller, lender, as 

agent and the various purchaser groups from time to time party thereto. (Incorporated by 

reference to Exhibit 99.8 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 

December 30, 2023 filed on February 28, 2024.)

99.2

Amendment No. 10 dated as of February 23, 2024 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, 

dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as servicer, HSFR, Inc., as seller, lender, as 

agent and the various purchaser groups from time to time party thereto. (Incorporated by 

reference to Exhibit 99.9 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 

December 30, 2023 filed on February 28, 2024.)

99.3

Amendment No. 11 dated as of May 17, 2024 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated 

as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as servicer, HSFR, Inc., as seller, lender, as agent 

and the various purchaser groups from time to time party thereto. (Incorporated by

reference to Exhibit 99.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter

ended June 29, 2024 filed on August 6, 2024.)

99.4

Amendment No. 12 dated as of December 6, 2024 to Receivables Purchase Agreement, 

dated as of April 17, 2013, by and among us, as servicer, HSFR, Inc., as seller, lender, as 

agent and the various purchaser groups from time to time party thereto.+

101.INS 

Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear

in the 

Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline

XBRL 

document.+ 

101.SCH 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document+ 

101.CAL 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document+ 

101.DEF 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document+ 

101.LAB 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document+ 

101.PRE 

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document+ 

104 

The cover page of Henry Schein, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 

December 28, 2024,

formatted in Inline XBRL (included within Exhibit 101 

attachments).+ 

_________ 

+

Filed or furnished herewith. 

**

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or agreement. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

148 

ITEM 16.

Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

149 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange

Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly 

caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,

thereunto duly authorized.

Henry Schein, Inc. 

By: /s/ STANLEY M. BERGMAN 

Stanley M. Bergman 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

February 25, 2025 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this

report has been signed below by the 

following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on

the dates indicated. 

Signature 

Capacity 

Date 

/s/ STANLEY M. BERGMAN 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer 

February 25, 2025 

Stanley M. Bergman 

and Director (principal executive officer) 

/s/ RONALD N. SOUTH 

Senior Vice President, Chief

Financial Officer 

February 25, 2025 

Ronald N. South 

(principal financial and accounting officer) 

/s/ MARK E. MLOTEK 

Executive Vice President,

Chief Strategic Officer, and 

February 25, 2025 

Mark E. Mlotek 

Director 

/s/ MOHAMAD ALI 

Director 

February 25, 2025 

Mohamad Ali 

/s/ DEBORAH DERBY 

Director 

February 25, 2025 

Deborah Derby 

/s/ CAROLE T. FAIG 

Director 

February 25, 2025 

Carole T. Faig 

/s/ JOSEPH L. HERRING 

Director 

February 25, 2025 

Joseph L. Herring 

/s/ ROBERT J. HOMBACH 

Director 

February 25, 2025 

Robert J. Hombach 

/s/ KURT P.

KUEHN 

Director 

February 25, 2025 

Kurt P.

Kuehn 

/s/ PHILIP A. LASKAWY 

Director 

February 25, 2025 

Philip A. Laskawy 

/s/ ANNE H. MARGULIES 

Director 

February 25, 2025 

Anne H. Margulies 

/s/ CAROL RAPHAEL 

Director 

February 25, 2025 

Carol Raphael 

/s/ SCOTT SEROTA 

Director 

February 25, 2025 

Scott Serota 

/s/ BRADLEY T. SHEARES,

PH.D. 

Director 

February 25, 2025 

Bradley T. Sheares,

Ph.D. 

/s/ REED V.

TUCKSON, M.D., FACP 

Director 

February 25, 2025 

Reed V.

Tuckson, M.D., FACP