| |   
---|---|---  
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024

OR

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 001-33829

| | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Keurig Dr Pepper Inc.|   
| (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)|   

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Delaware| 98-0517725  
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)| (I.R.S. employer identification number)  

53 South Avenue

Burlington, Massachusetts 01803

(Address of principal executive offices)

(781) 418-7000

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes ☐ No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer", "accelerated filer", "smaller reporting company", and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

Large Accelerated Filer ☒ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-Accelerated Filer ☐ Smaller Reporting Company ☐ Emerging Growth Company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to § 240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934).Yes ☐ No ☒

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Title of each class| | Trading Symbol| | Name of each exchange on which registered  
Common stock| | KDP| | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC  

As of June 30, 2024, the aggregate market value of the registrant's common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $35.5 billion (based on the closing sales price of the registrant's common stock on that date). As of February 21, 2025, there were 1,356,750,877 shares of the registrant's common stock, par value $0.01 per share, outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the registrant's definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the registrant's Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III.

| |   
---|---|---  

* * *

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

FORM 10-K

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024

| | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| PART I|   
Item 1| Business| 1  
Item 1A| Risk Factors| 9  
Item 1B| Unresolved Staff Comments| 22  
Item 1C| Cybersecurity| 22  
Item 2| Properties| 23  
Item 3| Legal Proceedings| 23  
Item 4| Mine Safety Disclosures| 23  
| |   
| PART II|   
Item 5| Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities| 24  
Item 6| [Reserved]| 24  
Item 7| Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations| 25  
Item 7A| Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk| 42  
Item 8| Financial Statements and Supplementary Data| 43  
Item 9| Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures| 106  
Item 9A| Controls and Procedures| 106  
Item 9B| Other Information| 107  
Item 9C| Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections| 108  
| |   
| PART III|   
Item 10| Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance| 109  
Item 11| Executive Compensation| 109  
Item 12| Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters| 109  
Item 13| Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence| 109  
Item 14| Principal Accountant Fees and Services| 109  
| |   
| PART IV|   
Item 15| Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules| 110  
Item 16| Form 10-K Summary| 113  
| Signatures| 114  

* * *

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

FORM 10-K

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024

MASTER GLOSSARY

| | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Term| | Definition  
2009 Incentive Plan| | Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan of 2009 (formerly known as the Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan of 2009)  
2019 Incentive Plan| | Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan of 2019  
| |   
Revolving Credit Agreement| | KDP’s $4 billion revolving credit agreement, which was executed in February 2022  
| |   
ABC| | The American Bottling Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of KDP  
ABI| | Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV, a related party of KDP as of December 31, 2024  
AOCI| | Accumulated other comprehensive income or loss  
ASU| | Accounting Standards Update  
Athletic Brewing| | Athletic Brewing Holding Company, LLC, an equity method investment of KDP  
| |   
Board| | The Board of Directors of KDP  
bps| | basis points  
Central States| | The Central States, Southeast and Southwest Areas Pension Fund  
CEO| | Chief Executive Officer  
CFO| | Chief Financial Officer  
Chobani| | FHU US Holdings LLC, an equity method investment of KDP  
CISO| | Chief Information Security Officer  
Coca-Cola| | The Coca-Cola Company  
CODM| | Chief Operating Decision Maker  
| |   
CSD| | Carbonated soft drink  
DIO| | Days inventory outstanding  
DPO| | Days of payables outstanding  
DPS| | Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc.  
DPS Merger| | The combination of the business operations of Keurig and DPS as of July 9, 2018  
DSD| | Direct Store Delivery, KDP’s route-to-market whereby finished beverages are delivered directly to retailers  
DSO| | Days sales outstanding  
EPS| | Earnings per share  
Exchange Act| | Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended  
FASB| | Financial Accounting Standards Board  
FX| | Foreign exchange  
GHOST| | GHOST Lifestyle LLC, a Delaware limited liability company  
GHOST Transactions| | The series of transactions by which KDP acquired 60% of the interests in GHOST effective December 31, 2024, agreed to purchase the remaining 40% of the interests in GHOST in 2028, and obtained the rights to distribute GHOST products effective March 3, 2025  
IT| | Information technology  
IRA| | Inflation Reduction Act of 2022  
IRS| | Internal Revenue Service  
JAB| | JAB Holding Company S.a.r.l., and affiliates  
JPMorgan| | JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.  
| |   
Kalil| | Kalil Bottling Company  
Kalil Acquisition| | The acquisition of all production, sales, and distribution assets of Kalil by KDP on August 9, 2024  

i

* * *

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

FORM 10-K

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024

| | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Term| | Definition  
Keurig| | Keurig Green Mountain, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of KDP, and the brand of our brewers  
La Colombe| | La Colombe Holdings, Inc.  
LRB| | Liquid refreshment beverages  
Nasdaq| | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC  
| |   
Notes| | Collectively, KDP's senior unsecured notes  
Nutrabolt| | Woodbolt Holdings LLC, d/b/a Nutrabolt, an equity method investment of KDP  
PepsiCo| | PepsiCo, Inc.  
Peet's| | Peet's Coffee & Tea, Inc.  
PET| | Polyethylene terephthalate, which is used to make KDP's plastic bottles  
PFAS| | Per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances  
PRMB| | Post-retirement medical benefit  
Proxy Statement| | The definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2024, pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act  
PSU| | Performance stock unit  
Revive| | Revive Brands, a wholly-owned subsidiary of KDP  
rPET| | Post-consumer recycled PET  
RSU| | Restricted stock unit  
RTD| | Ready to drink  
RVG| | Residual value guarantee  
S&P| | Standard & Poor’s  
SEC| | Securities and Exchange Commission  
SG&A| | Selling, general and administrative  
SOFR| | Secured Overnight Financing Rate  
Term Loan Agreement| | Term loan agreement entered into on October 25, 2024, among KDP, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent.  
Tractor| | Tractor Beverages, Inc., an equity method investment of KDP  
U.S. GAAP| | Accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.  
Veyron SPEs| | Special purpose entities with a single sponsor, Veyron Global  
VIE| | Variable interest entity  
Vita Coco| | The Vita Coco Company, Inc.  
Walmart| | Walmart Inc.  
WD| | Warehouse Direct, KDP’s route-to-market whereby finished beverages are shipped to retailer warehouses, and then delivered by the retailer through its own delivery system to its stores  
WIP| | Work-in-process  

References throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K to “KDP”, "we", “us”, and "our", refer to Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. and all wholly-owned subsidiaries included in our audited Consolidated Financial Statements. 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our audited Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, estimates, and projections about our business and operations. Our actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including the factors described under "Risk Factors" within Item 1A and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and subsequent filings with the SEC.

ii

* * *

Table of Contents

PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

OUR COMPANY

Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. is a leading beverage company in North America that manufactures, markets, distributes, and sells hot and cold beverages and single serve brewing systems. KDP has a broad portfolio of iconic beverage brands, including Dr Pepper, Canada Dry, Mott's, A&W, Peñafiel, Snapple, 7UP, Green Mountain Coffee Roasters, GHOST, Clamato, Core Hydration, and The Original Donut Shop, as well as the Keurig brewing system. We have some of the most recognized beverage brands in North America, with significant consumer awareness levels and long histories that evoke strong emotional connections with consumers. We have a portfolio of more than 125 owned, licensed, and partner brands, as well as powerful distribution capabilities. 

KDP was created on July 9, 2018, through the combination of the business operations of Keurig, a leading producer of innovative single serve brewing systems and specialty coffee in the U.S. and Canada, and DPS, a company built over time through a series of strategic acquisitions that brought together iconic beverage brands in North America. Today, we trade on Nasdaq under the symbol KDP.

OUR STRENGTHS AND STRATEGY

Our strategic framework starts with our purpose to Drink Well. Do Good. We aim to enhance the experience of every beverage occasion and to make a positive impact for people, communities, and the planet. Our vision is to be a total beverage leader, offering a beverage for every need, anytime, anywhere. We support our purpose and vision with five key strategies:

Champion consumer-obsessed brand building. We own a diverse portfolio of well-known beverage brands. Many of our brands enjoy high levels of consumer awareness, preference, and loyalty rooted in their rich heritage. This portfolio provides our customers with a wide variety of products to meet consumers' needs and provides us with a platform for growth and profitability. We drive growth in our business through investments in innovation, renovation, and marketing to support our portfolio of owned brands and partnerships with other leading beverage brands. We lead with deep consumer insights that inform our brand positioning and surface opportunities to address unmet needs. We have a robust innovation program, which is designed to meet consumers' changing flavor and beverage preferences and to grow our share of beverage occasions. 

Amplify our route-to-market advantage. We have strategically-located distribution capabilities, which enable us to better align our operations with our customers and our sales channels, to ensure our products are available to meet consumer demand, to reduce transportation costs, and to have greater control over the timing and coordination of new product launches. We actively manage transportation of our products using our fleet (owned and leased) of approximately 7,100 vehicles in the U.S. and 2,200 in Mexico, as well as third party logistics providers. 

With our Keurig.com website, we have a leading direct-to-consumer e-commerce platform which provides us insights and expertise in the e-commerce channel. We have been able to translate those insights and experiences to our LRB business as the number of fulfillment options that are better suited economically for beverages has evolved, leading to growth in the e-commerce channel. We continually invest in digital tools and capabilities as part of our route-to-market strategy, and as one element of a holistic digital transformation across KDP.

Shape our now and next beverage portfolio. We have cultivated relationships with leading beverage brands to create long-term partnerships that enable us and our partners to benefit equitably in future value creation, and where appropriate, we bring these partner brands into our owned portfolio through acquisitions. We continually evaluate making investments in companies that fill in whitespace in our portfolio.

Generate fuel for growth. We focus on critical transformational investments that drive continuous productivity and network optimization. We also maintain an emphasis on lean overheads in order to drive increasing operating leverage and fund our investments in our growth opportunities.

Dynamically allocate capital. Our highly efficient business model, focused on an optimized capital structure, gives us optionality to invest internally and pursue investments, partnerships, acquisitions, or other opportunities to continue to drive growth and create value.

1

* * *

Table of Contents

OUR PRODUCTS AND OPERATING STRUCTURE

We are a leading integrated brand owner, manufacturer, and distributor of beverages in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and the Caribbean. 

Operating and Reportable Segments

As of December 31, 2024, our operating structure consists of three operating and reportable segments: U.S. Refreshment Beverages, U.S. Coffee, and International. Segment financial data, including financial information about foreign and domestic operations, is included in Note 8 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

U.S. Refreshment Beverages

Our U.S. Refreshment Beverages segment is a brand owner, manufacturer, and distributor of LRBs in the U.S. In this segment, we manufacture and distribute beverage concentrates, syrups, and finished beverages of our brands to third-party bottlers, distributors, retailers, and, ultimately, the end consumer.

We manufacture beverage concentrates and syrups, which we then sell throughout the U.S. to third party bottlers or use them in our own manufacturing systems. Beverage concentrates, which are highly concentrated proprietary flavors, are combined with carbonation, water, sweeteners, and other ingredients, packaged in cans, bottles, or other packaging, and sold as a packaged beverage to retailers and, ultimately, the end consumer. Beverage concentrates are also manufactured into syrup, which is shipped to fountain customers, such as fast food restaurants, who mix the syrup with water and carbonation to create a finished beverage at the point of sale to consumers. Dr Pepper represents most of our fountain channel volume. 

We manufacture and distribute finished beverages of our own beverage brands. Additionally, in order to maximize the size and scale of our manufacturing and distribution operations, we also distribute finished beverages for our partner brands and manufacture finished beverages for other third parties, including partners and private labels. We partner with other brands seeking effective route-to-market capabilities, including national selling and distribution scale. These brands can also give us exposure in certain markets to fast growing segments of the beverage industry in a capital-efficient manner. We sell finished beverages through our DSD and our WD systems, both of which include sales to all major retail channels.

Key brands in this segment include Dr Pepper, Canada Dry, Mott’s, A&W, 7UP, Snapple, Sunkist soda, Squirt, C4 Energy, Hawaiian Punch, Electrolit, Core Hydration, Bai, Evian, Clamato, Yoo-Hoo, Vita Coco, and Big Red.

U.S. Coffee

Our U.S. Coffee segment is primarily a brand owner, manufacturer, and distributor of innovative single serve brewers, specialty coffee (including hot and iced varieties), and RTD coffee in the U.S. Our Keurig single serve brewers are aimed at changing the way consumers prepare and enjoy coffee and other beverages both at home and away from home in places such as offices, hotels, restaurants, cafeterias, and convenience stores. We create value by developing and selling our Keurig single serve brewers and by expanding Keurig brewer household adoption, which enables sales of specialty coffee and a variety of other specialty beverages in K-Cup pods (including hot and iced teas, hot cocoa, and other beverages) for use with Keurig brewers. We also compete in the broader coffee category through traditional whole bean and ground coffee in other package types, including bags, fractional packages, and cans, as well as RTD coffee beverages. We, together with our partners, are able to bring consumers high-quality coffee and other beverage experiences from the brands they love, all through the one-touch simplicity and convenience of Keurig brewers. 

We manufacture and sell 100% of the K-Cup pods of our owned and licensed brands, including Green Mountain Coffee Roasters, The Original Donut Shop, and McCafé, to retailers, away from home channel participants, and end-use consumers. We manufacture K-Cup pods for our partner brands, who in turn sell them to retailers and consumers. Our partner brands include Starbucks, Dunkin', Folgers, and Peet's, among others. We have agreements for manufacturing, distributing, and selling K-Cup pods for tea under brands such as Celestial Seasonings and Bigelow. We produce and sell K-Cup pods for cocoa, including through a licensing agreement for the Swiss Miss brand, and hot apple cider, including under our own brand, Mott's. Generally, we are able to sell these partner brands to our away from home channel participants and directly to consumers through our website at www.keurig.com. We also participate in private label manufacturing arrangements. 

2

* * *

Table of Contents

Our U.S. Coffee segment manufactures K-Cup pods using freshly roasted and ground coffee as well as tea, cocoa, and other products. We offer high-quality, responsibly sourced coffee, including certified single-origin, organic, flavored, limited edition, and proprietary blends. We carefully select our coffee beans and roast them to optimize their taste and flavor differences. We engineer and design most of our single serve brewers and utilize third-party contract manufacturers located in various countries in Asia for brewer appliance manufacturing. We distribute our brewers using third-party distributors, retail partners and directly to consumers through our website at www.keurig.com.

International

Our International segment includes:

•Sales in Canada, Mexico, and other international markets from the manufacture and distribution of branded concentrates, syrup, and finished beverages, including sales of our own brands and third-party brands, to third-party bottlers, distributors, and retailers. Key beverage brands include Peñafiel, Clamato, Squirt, Canada Dry, Dr Pepper, Mott’s, and Crush.

•Sales in Canada from the manufacture and distribution of finished goods relating to our single serve brewers, K-Cup pods, and other coffee products to partners and retailers, as well as directly to consumer through our website at www.keurig.ca. Key K-Cup pod brands include McCafé, Tim Hortons, and Van Houtte, as well as other partner and private label brands.

Product Innovation and New Partnerships

We are focused on a robust innovation pipeline within our portfolio of products to build household penetration of our business. We regularly launch new brewers with new features and benefits, technological advances, sustainable attributes, and changes in aesthetics to provide a variety of options to suit individual consumer preferences. We also continuously innovate and renovate our portfolio of K-Cup pods and beverages to provide an expansive array of flavors. 

Effective December 31, 2024, we acquired a controlling interest in GHOST. Founded in 2016, GHOST is a lifestyle sports nutrition business with a portfolio anchored by GHOST Energy, a leading ready-to-drink energy brand. We initially purchased a 60% stake in GHOST, and we also entered into an agreement which requires us to buy the remaining 40% of GHOST in 2028.

During 2024, we launched our Keurig K-Brew+Chill brewer that features Quick Chill Technology which delivers iced beverages at temperatures below 60 degrees straight from the brewer, as well as the ability to brew hot beverages. In addition, we announced our multi-year innovation agenda with the Keurig Alta brewer and K-Rounds plastic- and aluminum-free pods.

We debuted Canada Dry Fruit Splash, which partners classic ginger ale with cherry flavors and a splash of real fruit juice, as well as a limited edition offering of Dr Pepper Creamy Coconut. We launched Mott’s Active, a hydrating juice beverage for kids with naturally sourced electrolytes, no added sugar, and no artificial flavors, in Blastin’ Berry and Watermelon Burst. 

We entered into new partnerships with The Brooklyn Roasting Company, Kahawa 1893, Killah Coffee, and Punk Bunny Coffee, among others, to provide their signature coffee blends in K-Cup pod format. 

We expanded our partnership with Black Rifle Coffee Company to include a sales and distribution agreement for Black Rifle Energy. We also entered into an agreement with Nutrabolt to distribute Bloom RTD energy beverages. We began distributing under both of these agreements during the fourth quarter of 2024.

3

* * *

Table of Contents

CUSTOMERS

We primarily serve the following types of customers: 

Retailers

Retailers include supermarkets, hypermarkets, mass merchandisers, club stores, e-commerce retailers, office superstores, vending machines, fountains, grocery and drug stores, convenience stores, and other small outlets. Retailers purchase finished beverages, K-Cup pods, appliances, and accessories directly from us. Our portfolio of strong brands, operational scale and experience in the beverage industry has enabled us to maintain strong relationships with major retailers throughout the U.S., Canada, and Mexico. Our largest retailer, Walmart, represented approximately 16% of our consolidated net sales in 2024. Net sales to Walmart are included in all reportable segments.

Bottlers and Distributors

In the U.S. and Canada, we generally grant manufacturing and distribution licenses for our carbonated soft drinks to bottlers for specific geographic areas that are typically exclusive and long-term. These bottlers may be affiliated with Coca-Cola or with PepsiCo, or they may be independent. These agreements prohibit bottlers and distributors from selling the licensed products outside their exclusive territory and from selling any imitative products in that territory. Generally, we may terminate bottling and distribution agreements only for cause or change in control, and the bottler or distributor may terminate without cause upon giving certain specified notice and complying with other applicable conditions. These bottlers and distributor agreements may also contain provisions for fountain distribution rights, which are not exclusive for a territory, but generally do restrict bottlers from carrying imitative product in the territory. 

Certain other brands, such as Snapple, Bai, and Core, are licensed for distribution in various territories to bottlers and a number of smaller distributors such as beer wholesalers, wine and spirit distributors, independent distributors, and retail brokers. 

Partners

We have differentiated ourselves and the Keurig brand through our ability to create and sustain partnerships with other leading coffee, tea, and beverage brand companies through multi-year licensing and manufacturing agreements that best suit each brand's interests and strengths. Typically, we manufacture K-Cup pods on behalf of our partners, who in turn sell them to retailers.

Away from Home Channel Participants

We distribute brewers, accessories, and K-Cup pods (owned, licensed, and partner brands) to away from home channel participants, which include office coffee distributors and hotel chains. 

End-use Consumers

We have robust e-commerce platforms at www.keurig.com and www.keurig.ca where end-use consumers can purchase brewers, accessories, K-Cup pods, and other coffee products, such as bagged traditional coffee and cold brew. 

4

* * *

Table of Contents

COMPETITORS

The beverage industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve in response to changing consumer preferences. Competition is generally based on brand recognition, taste, quality, price, availability, selection, and convenience, among other factors. We compete with multinational corporations with significant financial resources. In our bottling and manufacturing operations, we also compete with a number of smaller bottlers and distributors and a variety of smaller, regional, and private label manufacturers. 

Our primary competitors include Coca-Cola, PepsiCo, Starbucks Corporation, The J.M. Smucker Company, The Kraft Heinz Company, and Nestlé S.A. Although these companies offer competing brands in categories we participate in, many are also our partners or customers, as they purchase beverage concentrates or K-Cup pods directly from us.

MATERIAL RESOURCES 

Raw Materials

The principal raw materials we use in our business, which we commonly refer to as ingredients and materials, represent approximately 55% of our cost of sales and include green coffee, water, aluminum cans and ends, PET bottles and caps, including both virgin and rPET, CO2, sweeteners, paper products, K-Cup pod packaging materials, fruit, glass bottles and enclosures, cocoa, teas, juices, and other ingredients. We also use post-consumer recycled materials in the manufacturing of our single serve brewers. 

The availability, quality, and costs of many of these materials have fluctuated, and may continue to fluctuate, over time. Additionally, under many of our supply arrangements for these raw materials, the price we pay fluctuates along with certain changes in indirect commodity costs, such as aluminum in the case of cans and ends, natural gas in the case of glass bottles, resin in the case of K-Cup pods, PET bottles and caps, corn in the case of sweeteners, and pulp in the case of paperboard packaging. 

When appropriate, we mitigate the exposure to volatility in the prices of certain commodities used in our production process and transportation to our customers through the use of various commodity derivative contracts or supplier pricing agreements. The intent of the contracts and agreements is to provide a certain level of predictability in our operating margins and our overall cost structure, while remaining in what we believe to be a competitive cost position. 

Green Coffee

We develop and pursue direct relationships with farms, estates, cooperatives, cooperative groups, and exporters in order to purchase green coffee and to support our broader traceability and sustainable supply chain initiatives. We also purchase green coffee through outside brokers.

Energy and Transportation Costs

In addition to ingredients and packaging costs, we are significantly impacted by changes in fuel costs, which can also fluctuate substantially, due to the large truck fleet we operate in our distribution operations (reflected within SG&A expenses) and the energy costs consumed in the production process (reflected within cost of sales). 

We are also significantly impacted by changes in other transportation costs, such as ocean freight and tariffs. Transportation costs associated with the transportation and import of certain raw materials and finished goods to our manufacturing and distribution facilities are reflected within cost of sales.

Intellectual Property

Trademarks and Patents

We possess a variety of intellectual property rights that are important to our business. We rely on a combination of trademarks, copyrights, patents, and trade secrets to safeguard our proprietary rights, including our brands, our technologies, and ingredient and production formulas for our products.

We own numerous trademarks in our portfolio within the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and other countries. Depending upon the jurisdiction, trademarks are valid as long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained. 

5

* * *

Table of Contents

In many countries outside the U.S., Canada, and Mexico, the manufacturing and distribution rights to many of our CSD brands, including our Dr Pepper trademark and formula, are owned by third parties, including, in certain cases, competitors such as Coca-Cola.

We hold U.S. and international patents related to Keurig brewers and coffee pod technology. Of these, a majority are utility patents and the remainder are design patents. We view these patents as valuable assets but we do not view any single patent as critical to our success. We also have pending patent applications associated with our brewers and with coffee pod technology. We take steps that we believe are appropriate to protect such innovation. 

Licensing Arrangements

We license various trade names from our partners in order to manufacture and distribute K-Cup pods. Although these licenses vary in length and other terms, they generally are long-term, cover the entire U.S. and/or Canada, and may include royalty payments, upfront payments, or some combination of the two, to the partner in order to use their trade names to manufacture and/or distribute the K-Cup pods.

We license various trademarks from third parties, which generally allow us to manufacture and distribute certain products or brands throughout the U.S. and/or Canada and Mexico. For example, we license trademarks for Sunkist soda and Rose's from third parties. Although these licenses vary in length and other terms, they generally are long-term, cover the entire U.S. and/or Canada and Mexico and generally include a royalty payment to the licensor.

For beverages in emerging and fast growing categories where we may not currently have a brand presence, we license various trademarks from third party partners, which generally allow us to sell and distribute certain products or brands throughout the U.S., Canada, or Mexico. These partners view us as a distributor with strong route-to-market resources to grow their brands. Although these licenses vary in length and other terms, they generally are long-term and require a payment from the partner if the licensing agreement is terminated. In some instances, we make investments in these companies, which may include a path to acquire the company. As of December 31, 2024, our portfolio of partner brands included, but was not limited to, C4 energy drinks, Electrolit instant hydration beverages, evian water, Vita Coco coconut water, Polar Beverages seltzer water, La Colombe shelf-stable RTD coffee, Black Rifle Coffee Company energy drinks, and Peet's RTD coffee.

SEASONALITY

The beverage market is subject to some seasonal variations. Our cold beverage sales are generally higher during the warmer months, while hot beverage sales are generally higher during the cooler months. Overall beverage sales can also be influenced by the timing of holidays and weather fluctuations. Sales of brewers and related accessories are generally higher during the second half of the year due to the holiday shopping season.

HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES

Our Employees

We have approximately 29,400 employees, primarily located in North America. In the U.S., we have approximately 22,400 employees, of which approximately 5,100 employees are covered by union collective bargaining agreements. In Mexico, we have approximately 5,300 employees, of which approximately 4,000 are covered by union collective bargaining agreements. In Canada, we have approximately 1,400 employees, with approximately 400 covered by union collective bargaining agreements. We also have approximately 300 employees in Europe and Asia.

Our collective bargaining agreements generally address working conditions, as well as wage rates and benefits, and expire over varying terms over the next several years. We generally believe that these agreements can be renegotiated on terms satisfactory to us as they expire and that we have good relationships with our employees and any representative organizations for our unionized employees. 

Our compensation programs are designed to ensure that we attract and retain the right talent. We generally review and consider median market pay levels when assessing total compensation, but pay decisions are based on a more comprehensive set of considerations such as company performance, individual performance, experience, and internal equity. We continually monitor key talent metrics including employee engagement and employee turnover. 

6

* * *

Table of Contents

Our employee benefits programs strive to deliver competitive benefits that are effective in attracting and retaining talent, and that create a culture of well-being and inclusiveness, designed to support each team member’s unique needs. Our total package of benefits is designed to support the physical, mental, and financial health of our employees, and we currently provide access to medical, dental, vision, life insurance, retirement benefits, and disability benefits, as well as assistance with major life activities such as adoption, childbirth, and eldercare, among other benefits. 

Our Culture

Together with our employees, we created a set of core values that define how we work together and are the cornerstone of KDP's culture. We embrace a challenger mindset, which, together with our strategy and core values, are the unifying force for our team and guide our actions, each and every day. Our four core values are:

•Team First. Win together. Be the kind of person you want on your team.

•Deliver Big. Achieve our commitments. Then push beyond the expected.

•Think Bold. Challenge the usual. Dare to try something new.

•Be Fearless and Fair. Tell the truth with courage. Listen and act with respect. 

Additionally, we have adopted a corporate code of conduct that applies to all of our employees, officers, and our Board, which lays the foundation for ethical behavior for our team. Our code of conduct is available on our website at http://www.keurigdrpepper.com.

Just as each of our brands brings its own personality to our product portfolio, each of our employees brings their own unique set of experiences, perspectives, and flavor to our business. We believe that to best innovate and deliver for our consumers and customers, our workforce should represent them.

Employee Health and Safety

KDP uses a wide variety of strategies and programs to support the health and safety of our employees. Our Environmental Health & Safety team considers all aspects of what our employees may encounter and works to minimize risk. Key to these efforts are data and preventive actions. KDP measures Lost Time Incident Rate, a reliable indication of Total Recordable Injuries Rate severity, and uses a risk reduction process that thoroughly analyzes injuries and near misses.

OUR IMPACT

As a leading beverage company, we have the opportunity and responsibility to make a positive impact for people, communities, and planet. KDP Impact is our multi-year environmental, social, and governance agenda comprised of strategic initiatives that aim to make a positive impact with every drink. Rooted in action, realized through partnerships, and measured in results, we focus our commitments in the seven key impact areas where we can create meaningful change. These seven key impact areas are as follows:

•Climate and nature action

•Water use and stewardship 

•Packaging and circular economy

•Human rights, responsible sourcing, and supply chain livelihoods

•Consumer health and well-being

•Employee health, safety, and well-being; and

•Corporate governance and ethics.

We are committed to transparency and disclosure of our strategies, programs, progress, and governance. Our report on our impact, which is issued annually, is available on our website at www.keurigdrpepper.com.

7

* * *

Table of Contents

GOVERNMENTAL REGULATIONS ON OUR BUSINESS

In the normal course of our business, we are subject to a variety of federal, state, and local laws and regulations in the countries in which we do business. Regulations in the U.S., as well as jurisdictions including Canada, Mexico, and the European Union, apply to many aspects of our business, including our products and their ingredients, manufacturing, safety, labeling, transportation, packaging, advertising, and sale. For example, our products and their manufacturing, labeling, marketing, and sale in the U.S. are subject to various aspects of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the Robinson-Patman Act, the Clayton Act, the Sherman Act, the Lanham Act, state consumer protection laws, and state warning and labeling laws, such as the state of California’s Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986.

Various countries, states, provinces, and other authorities have enacted eco-taxes, extended producer responsibility laws, deposit or reuse/refill mandates, fees on certain products or packaging, restrictions or bans on the use of certain types of packaging, including single-use plastics, and regulations on PFAS, and other chemicals of concern. Regulators have also expressed concerns about the processing and use of particular ingredients or additives in beverage products. Various jurisdictions have adopted, and others may seek to adopt, bans or restrictions on the use of certain ingredients or substances in products or packaging, as well as significant additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products because of what they contain or allegations that they cause adverse health effects. Certain cities and municipalities within the U.S. have passed various taxes on the distribution of sugar-sweetened and diet beverages, which are at different stages of enactment. We expect that legislation or regulations like those described above will continue to be proposed in the future at local, state and federal levels, both in the U.S. and elsewhere.

OTHER INFORMATION

We are required to file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.

Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Exchange Act, are also available free of charge on our website at http://www.keurigdrpepper.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Information on any of our websites is not incorporated by reference in this document or any of our other filings with the SEC.

MARKET AND INDUSTRY DATA

The market and industry data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is from Circana, an independent industry source, and is based on retail dollar sales and sales volumes in 2024. Although we believe that this independent source is reliable, we have not verified the accuracy or completeness of this data or any assumptions underlying such data. Circana is a market information provider, primarily serving consumer packaged goods manufacturers and retailers. We use Circana data as our primary management tool to track market performance because it has broad and deep data coverage, is based on consumer transactions at retailers, and is reported to us weekly. Circana data provides measurement and analysis of marketplace trends such as market share, retail pricing, promotional activity, and distribution across various channels, retailers, and geographies. Measured categories provided to us by Circana include K-Cup pods, carbonated soft drinks, RTD teas and coffee, single serve and multi-serve juice and juice drinks, sports drinks, energy drinks, still waters, carbonated waters, and non-alcoholic mixers. Circana also provides data on other food items such as apple sauce. Circana data we present in this report is compiled from scanner transactions in key retail channels, including grocery stores, mass merchandisers (including Walmart), club stores (excluding Costco), drug chains, convenience stores, and gas stations. However, this data does not include the fountain or vending channels, or small independent retail outlets, which together represent a meaningful portion of the U.S. beverage market. This data does not include certain customers and e-commerce sales which represents a significant portion of our U.S. Coffee segment. Our market share data for our brewers is also based on information provided by Circana. The data presented for our brewers is based upon Circana’s Consumer Tracking Service for Coffeemakers in the U.S. and represents the twelve month period ended December 31, 2024.

8

* * *

Table of Contents

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

RISKS RELATED TO OUR OPERATIONS

Disruption of our manufacturing and distribution operations or supply chain, including increased commodity, raw material, packaging, energy, transportation, and other input costs may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 

We have experienced, and could continue to experience, disruptions in our supply chain and our manufacturing and distribution operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Some raw materials and supplies used in the production of our products, including packaging materials, are available from a limited number of suppliers or from a sole supplier or are in short supply when seasonal demand is at its peak. Certain raw materials and supplies used directly or indirectly in the production of our products are sourced from countries experiencing civil unrest, political instability, or unfavorable economic conditions. Adverse weather conditions may affect the supply of agricultural commodities from which key ingredients for our products are derived. We may not be able to maintain favorable arrangements and relationships with suppliers, and our contingency plans may not be effective to mitigate disruptions that may arise from shortages or discontinuation of any raw materials and other supplies that we use in the manufacture and distribution of our products. In order to ensure a continuous supply of high-quality raw materials, some of our inventory purchase obligations include long-term purchase commitments for certain strategic raw materials; the timing of these may not always coincide with the period in which we need the supplies to fulfill customer demand. Any sustained or significant disruption to the manufacturing or sourcing of raw materials could increase our costs and interrupt product supply, which could adversely impact our business. 

The raw materials and other supplies, including agricultural commodities (such as coffee, apples, and corn), fuel and packaging materials, transportation, and other supply chain inputs that we use for the manufacturing, production, and distribution of our products are subject to price volatility and fluctuations in availability caused by many factors, which include changes in supply and demand; supplier capacity constraints; inflation; weather conditions (including the effects of climate change); wildfires and other natural disasters; disease or pests; agricultural uncertainty; cost increases in farm inputs; health epidemics, pandemics, or other contagious outbreaks; labor shortages, strikes, or work stoppages; changes in or the enactment of new laws and regulations; governmental actions or controls (including import/export restrictions, such as new, increased, or retaliatory tariffs, sanctions, quotas, or trade barriers); port congestion or delays; transport capacity constraints; cybersecurity incidents or other disruptions; political uncertainties; acts of terrorism; governmental instability; speculation in global trading of commodities, such as coffee; or fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We have been affected by a number of these factors, led by inflationary pressures on input and other costs, which may continue.

Many of our raw materials and supplies are purchased in the open market, and the prices we pay for such items are subject to fluctuation. Under many of our supply arrangements, the price we pay for raw materials fluctuates along with certain changes in underlying commodities costs. This could lead to higher and more variable inventory levels or higher raw material costs for us. In our coffee business, the quality of the coffee we seek tends to trade on a negotiated basis at a premium above the “C” price of coffee. This premium depends upon the supply and demand at the time of purchase, and the amount of the premium can vary significantly. Volatility in coffee prices can impact our ability to enter into fixed-price purchase commitments, and we frequently enter into “price-to-be-fixed” supply contracts in which the quality, quantity, delivery period, and other negotiated terms are agreed upon, but the date, and therefore price, at which the base coffee commodity price component will be fixed has not yet been established.

When input prices increase unexpectedly or significantly, we may be unwilling or unable to increase our product prices or unable to effectively hedge against price increases to offset these increased costs without suffering reduced volume, revenue, margins, and operating results. To the extent that price increases are not sufficient to offset higher costs adequately or in a timely manner, or if they result in significant decreases in sales volume, our financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, price decreases in commodities that we have effectively hedged could also increase our cost of goods sold for mark-to-market changes in the derivative instruments.

9

* * *

Table of Contents

We operate in intensely competitive categories, and our potential inability to compete effectively could adversely impact our business. 

The beverage industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve in response to changing consumer preferences. We compete with multinational corporations that can rapidly respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products, changing their route to market, reducing prices, or increasing promotional activities. We also compete with various smaller or regional companies and private label manufacturers, which may be more innovative, better able to bring new products to market, and better able to quickly serve niche markets. Additionally, we compete for contract manufacturing with other bottlers and manufacturers.

A significant portion of our business is attributable to sales of K-Cup pods for use with Keurig brewing systems. Continued acceptance of Keurig brewers to further increase household penetration is a significant factor in our growth plans. Any substantial or sustained decline in the sale of Keurig brewers could materially and adversely affect our business. Keurig brewers compete against all sellers and types of coffeemakers, as well as cafes and coffee shops. Our competitive position may be weakened if we do not succeed in differentiating Keurig brewers from our competitors’ products.

Our sales of beverages, Keurig brewers, K-Cup pods, and other products may be negatively affected by numerous factors including our inability to maintain or increase prices, our inability to effectively promote our products, new entrants into the market, the decision of wholesalers, retailers, or consumers to purchase competitors' products instead of ours, increased marketing costs, and higher in-store placement and slotting fees driven by our competitors' willingness to spend aggressively. In addition, the rapid growth of e-commerce may create additional consumer price deflation by, among other things, facilitating comparison shopping, and could potentially threaten the value of some of our legacy route-to-market strategies and thus negatively affect revenues. If we are unable to effectively compete, our business and our financial results would be negatively affected.

We may not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and shopping behavior, which could impact our financial results.

Consumers’ preferences continually evolve due to a variety of factors, including changing demographics of the population, social trends, changes in consumer lifestyles and consumption patterns, including from the use of weight loss drugs, concerns or perceptions regarding the health effects or environmental impact of our products or packaging, concerns regarding the location of origin or source of ingredients and products, changes in consumers' spending habits, negative publicity, economic downturn, or other factors. If we do not effectively anticipate and respond to changing trends and consumer beverage preferences, including through innovation and renovation, our sales and growth could suffer. 

Addressing changes in consumer preferences may require successful development, introduction, and marketing of new products and line extensions. There are inherent risks associated with new product or packaging innovation, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance or potential impacts on our existing product offerings. Successful innovation may depend on our ability to obtain, protect, and maintain necessary intellectual property rights and to avoid infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others. Failure to innovate successfully could compromise our competitive position and impact our product sales, financial condition, and operating results.

Consumers are increasingly focused on sustainability, with particular attention to the recyclability or reuse of product packaging, reducing consumption of single-use plastics and non-recyclable materials and the environmental impact of manufacturing operations. If we do not meet consumer demands by continuing to provide sustainable packaging options and focusing on sustainability throughout our manufacturing operations, our sales could suffer. 

Consumer shopping behavior is also rapidly evolving. Changes in mobility, travel, and leisure activity patterns, the acceleration of e-commerce and other methods of purchasing products, inflation and economic uncertainty, and pandemics, epidemics or other disease outbreaks, among others, have impacted and could continue to impact consumer shopping behavior and demand for our products. If we are unable to meet the consumer where and when they desire their products or if we are unable to respond to changes in distribution channels, our financial results could be adversely impacted.

10

* * *

Table of Contents

Concerns about the safety, quality, or health effects of our products could negatively affect our business. 

The success of our business depends in part on our ability to maintain consumer confidence in the safety and quality of all of our products, including beverage products, their ingredients, their packaging, and our brewers. A failure or perceived failure to meet our quality, health, or safety standards, particularly as we expand our product offerings through innovation, partnerships or acquisitions into new beverage categories, including product contamination or tampering, undeclared allergens or allegations of mislabeling, whether actual or perceived, could occur in our operations or those of our bottlers, manufacturers, distributors or suppliers. This could result in time-consuming and expensive production interruptions, recalls, market withdrawals, product liability claims, and negative publicity. It could also result in the destruction of product inventory, lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time, fines from applicable regulatory agencies, and higher-than-anticipated rates of warranty returns and other returns of goods. Moreover, negative publicity may result from false, unfounded, or nominal liability claims or limited recalls. 

In addition, adverse public opinion, third-party studies, or other allegations, whether or not valid, regarding the perceived or potential negative health effects of processing or ingredients in our beverage products, such as concerns about the caloric intake associated with soft drinks or the use of synthetic colors, nutritive and non-nutritive sweeteners or other additives in our beverages, or chemicals of concern or other substances in our ingredients or materials, may contribute to actual or threatened legal action against us, negative consumer perception of our products, new or increased taxes on our products, or additional government regulation, including new or changing restrictions on the inclusion of our products in benefit programs, such as the U.S. supplemental nutrition assistance program known as SNAP, any of which could result in decreased demand for our products or reformulations of existing products to remove such ingredients or substances, which may be costly and reduce their appeal. Such risks may be increased if government officials make public statements about alleged risks purportedly associated with processing, particular ingredients used in our products, or unintentional contaminants that may be present in the water supply.

Any or all of these events may lead to a loss of consumer confidence and trust, could damage the reputation of our brands and may cause consumers to choose other products and could negatively affect our business and financial performance.

Damage to our reputation or brand image can adversely affect our business.

Our ability to maintain our reputation and the brand image of our products is important to our success. Our corporate image and reputation has in the past been, and could in the future be, adversely impacted by a variety of factors, including: any failure by us or our business partners to achieve goals or maintain high standards relating to ethical and business practices, including with respect to human rights, child labor laws, workplace conditions, employee health and safety, the nutrition profile of our products, packaging, water use and impact on the environment; any failure to address health or other concerns about our products, products we distribute or particular ingredients in our products, including concerns regarding whether certain of our products contribute to obesity or an increase in public health costs; our research and development efforts; any product quality or safety issues, including the recall of any of our products; any failure to comply with laws and regulations; consumer perception of our advertising campaigns, sponsorship arrangements, marketing programs, use of social media and our response to political and social issues or catastrophic events; or any failure to effectively respond to negative or inaccurate comments about us on social media or otherwise regarding any of the foregoing. Damage to our reputation or brand image could decrease demand for our products, thereby adversely affecting our business.

11

* * *

Table of Contents

If we do not successfully manage our acquisitions of and investments in new businesses or brands, our operating results may adversely be affected. 

From time to time, we acquire or invest in businesses or brands, form joint ventures, and enter into licensing and distribution agreements. If we are unable to complete such transactions or successfully integrate and develop acquired businesses, including the effective management of integration activities, we could fail to achieve the expected increases in revenues and operating results or the anticipated synergies and cost savings. Additional acquisition risks include the diversion of management attention from our existing business, potential loss of key employees, suppliers, or customers from the acquired business, assumption of unforeseen risks and liabilities, and greater than anticipated operating costs of the acquired business. Any of these factors could adversely affect our financial results. Our quality management protocols, which are designed to ensure product quality and safety, may not be sufficiently robust to fully manage the expanded range of product offerings introduced through new investments, licensing or distribution agreements, which may increase our costs or subject us to negative publicity. In addition, we may also experience delays in extending our respective internal control over financial reporting to new acquisitions or investments, which may increase the risk of misstatements in our financial records and in our consolidated financial statements. 

In evaluating strategic transactions, we are required to make difficult judgments regarding the value of business strategies, opportunities, technologies and other assets, and the risks and cost of potential liabilities. In the past we have been, and in the future we may be, unable to realize the expected benefits of acquisitions, investments or licensing or distribution agreements; it may also take longer than expected to realize the expected benefits. Our ability to manage and improve the performance of acquired businesses or brands and our other investments and ventures will impact our financial performance. We may not achieve the strategic and financial objectives for such transactions. If we are unable to achieve such objectives, our consolidated results could be negatively affected.

Failure to realize benefits or successfully manage the potential negative consequences of our productivity initiatives can adversely affect our financial performance.

We pursue strategic initiatives that are transformative in nature and are expected to generate significant cost savings, or productivity, over time. These strategic initiatives have included investments in new technologies and optimization of certain processes and of our manufacturing footprint. Some of our productivity initiatives may result in unintended consequences, such as business disruptions, distraction of management and employees, reduced morale and productivity, inability to obtain expected savings to reinvest into the business, an inability to attract or retain employees, negative publicity and disruption of the internal control structures of the affected business operations. If we are unable to successfully implement our productivity initiatives as planned or do not achieve expected savings as a result of these initiatives, we may not realize all or any of the anticipated benefits, resulting in adverse effects on our financial performance.

Our facilities and operations may require substantial investment and upgrading, including investments in new technologies and digital transformation, and such investments may not achieve the intended financial benefits. 

We continue to incur significant costs to maintain or upgrade various technologies, facilities, and equipment or restructure our operations, including closing existing facilities or opening new ones. We invest in new and emerging technologies, including the use of automation, connected data, robotics, and artificial intelligence throughout our operations, including in our manufacturing and distribution facilities and our sales organization.

If the cost of our investments is higher than anticipated, the investments and upgrades are not sufficient to meet our near-term future business needs, our business does not develop as anticipated to appropriately utilize new or upgraded facilities, or third parties fail to complete the construction or renovation of facilities or production equipment in a timely manner or in accordance with our specifications, we may be delayed in realizing the intended benefits or our costs and financial performance could be negatively affected.

We have ongoing programs to invest and upgrade our manufacturing, distribution and other facilities, including expansive investments in our manufacturing facility in Spartanburg, South Carolina. These investments require us to rely on third parties for the construction and renovation of our facilities and manufacturing of our production equipment. We have experienced delays related to the production equipment contained within our manufacturing facilities, including delays in receiving the equipment or in operating the equipment according to specifications outlined by the manufacturer, which have led to increased costs, and we may continue to experience such delays and cost increases.

12

* * *

Table of Contents

We depend on key information systems, and our use of information technology exposes us to business disruptions that could adversely affect us.

Our information systems contain proprietary and other confidential information related to our business. These systems and services are vulnerable to interruptions or other failures resulting from, among other things, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, software, equipment or telecommunications failures, processing errors, computer viruses, other security issues or supplier defaults. Security, backup and disaster recovery measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to avoid such disruptions or failures. Any disruption or failure of these systems or services could cause substantial errors, processing inefficiencies, security breaches, inability to use the systems or process transactions, loss of customers or other business disruptions, all of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. Our users’ data and customer information may be improperly accessed, used or disclosed if we fail to adopt or adhere to adequate information security practices, or fail to comply with their respective online policies, or in the event of a breach of our networks, which could subject us to legal action, reputational harm, or otherwise negatively impact our business and financial performance. 

Substantial disruption at our manufacturing and distribution facilities could occur. 

A disruption at our manufacturing and distribution facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, as could a disruption at the facilities of our bottlers, contract manufacturers or distributors. Disruptions could occur for many reasons, including fire, natural disasters, weather, water scarcity, manufacturing problems, disease, widespread illness, strikes, labor shortages, transportation or supply interruption, contractual dispute, government regulation, cybersecurity attacks or terrorism. Moreover, if demand increases beyond our production capabilities, we would need to expand our capabilities internally or acquire additional capacity. Alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not be available, may cost substantially more than existing facilities or may take a significant time to start production, each of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. 

Our intellectual property rights could be infringed or we could infringe the intellectual property rights of others, and adverse events regarding licensed intellectual property could harm our business.

We possess intellectual property that is important to our business. This intellectual property includes ingredient formulas, trademarks, copyrights, patents, business processes and other trade secrets. We cannot be certain that the legal steps taken to protect our rights will be sufficient or that others will not infringe or misappropriate our rights. If we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, or if changes in laws diminish or remove the current legal protections available to them, the competitiveness of our products may be eroded and our business could suffer. We and third parties, including competitors, could come into conflict over intellectual property rights, resulting in disruptive and expensive litigation. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our brands, products and business could be harmed. 

We also license various intellectual property rights from third parties and license certain intellectual property rights to third parties. In some countries, third parties own certain intellectual property that we own in other countries. For example, the Dr Pepper trademark and formula is owned by Coca-Cola in some countries outside North America. Adverse events affecting those third parties or their products could also negatively impact our brands. 

Failure to attract, retain, develop and motivate a highly skilled and diverse workforce, or failure to effectively manage changes in our workforce such as labor shortages, employee turnover and increases in wages, could significantly impact our operations.

The labor market has experienced and may continue to experience labor shortages, inflation in labor costs and increased employee turnover, which has impacted and may continue to impact our ability to attract and retain a highly skilled and diverse workforce. Competition in the labor market for qualified employees has increased alongside current and prospective employees’ changing expectations for compensation, benefits, and flexible work models. Unplanned turnover or failure to develop and implement succession plans for senior management and other key personnel could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. Failure to attract, retain, develop, and motivate a highly skilled and diverse workforce, including employees with specialized capabilities, can damage our business results and our reputation.

13

* * *

Table of Contents

We may not be able to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or we could experience union activity, including new unionization, labor disputes or work stoppages.

Many of our employees that are involved in the manufacturing or distribution of our products are covered by collective bargaining agreements. Additional employees have sought and may continue to seek to be covered by collective bargaining agreements, which may be facilitated by changing labor laws and regulations. These agreements typically expire every three to four years at various dates. We may not be able to renew our existing collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or at all. This could result in labor disputes, strikes, or work stoppages, which could impair our ability to manufacture and distribute our products and result in a substantial loss of sales. The terms of existing, renewed or expanded agreements could also significantly increase our costs or negatively affect our ability to increase operational efficiency.

Increases in our cost of employee benefits in the future could reduce our profitability.

Our profitability is substantially affected by costs for employee health care, pension and other retirement programs and other benefits. In recent years, these costs have increased significantly due to factors such as increases in health care costs, declines in investment returns on pension assets, and changes in discount rates used to calculate pension and related liabilities. These factors will continue to put pressure on our business and financial performance. There can be no assurance that we will succeed in limiting future cost increases, and continued upward cost pressure could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. 

RISKS RELATED TO OUR FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

We negotiate with our suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, including payment terms, and reductions in our payment terms with our suppliers could adversely affect our liquidity.

We negotiate with our suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, which includes the consideration of payment terms. Excluding our suppliers who require cash at date of purchase or sale, our current payment terms with our suppliers generally range from 10 to 360 days. The length of our payment terms has been reduced in recent periods and will continue to be reduced, including as a result of a supplier being replaced, renegotiation of a supplier’s contract during the procurement process, through efforts to increase the overall pool of potential suppliers for selection, or in order to receive favorable pricing or other terms during commercial negotiations. Reductions in our payment terms have negatively affected, and could continue to negatively affect, our liquidity and our ability to maintain our cash conversion cycle to maximize our working capital. Reduced payment terms have contributed to, and could continue to contribute to, our need to utilize various financing arrangements for short-term liquidity.

We cannot guarantee that our share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that our share repurchase program will enhance long-term stockholder value.

In October 2021, our Board authorized KDP to repurchase up to $4 billion of our outstanding common stock over a four-year period, beginning on January 1, 2022, potentially enabling us to return value to shareholders. Our repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific dollar amount or to acquire any specific number of shares. Under the terms of our share repurchase program, shares may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions at prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated transactions, or by other means (including through the use of trading plans intended to qualify under Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act) in accordance with federal securities laws. We may fund our share repurchases through cash flow from operations, borrowings, a combination of the two, or other sources of liquidity. The actual manner, timing, amount, value and counterparties of any repurchases under the program will be determined at our discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including the market price of our common stock, trading volume, other capital management objectives and opportunities, applicable legal requirements, applicable tax effects, and general market and economic conditions. 

We cannot guarantee that we will repurchase shares (or the terms or amount of any such repurchase) or conduct future share repurchase programs, and we cannot guarantee that any such programs will result in long-term increases to shareholder value. The existence of our stock repurchase program could also cause the price of our common stock to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our common stock. Additionally, significant changes in laws or regulations may reduce our ability or inclination to take advantage of our share repurchase program. 

14

* * *

Table of Contents

Determinations in the future that a significant impairment of the value of our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets has occurred could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements.

As of December 31, 2024, we had $53,430 million of total assets, of which $20,053 million were goodwill and $23,634 million were other intangible assets. Intangible assets include both definite and indefinite-lived intangible assets in connection with brands, trade names, acquired technology, customer relationships, and contractual arrangements. We conduct impairment tests on goodwill and all indefinite-lived intangible assets annually, as of October 1, or more frequently if circumstances indicate that all or a portion of the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. In addition, definite-lived intangible assets, property, plant, and equipment, and equity method investments are evaluated for impairment or accelerated depreciation as circumstances indicate. 

The impairment tests require us to make an estimate of the fair value of our reporting units and other intangible assets. We have in the past recorded impairments, including during the year ended December 31, 2024, and could do so again as a result of changes in assumptions, estimates or circumstances, some of which are beyond our control. Factors which could result in an impairment include changes in our financial and operating outlook and changes in our discount rates, which could change due to factors such as movement in risk free interest rates, changes in general market interest rates and market beta volatility, and changes to management's view of forecasted risk, among others. Since a number of factors may influence determinations of fair value of intangible assets, we are unable to predict whether impairments of goodwill or other indefinite-lived intangibles will occur in the future. Any such impairment would result in us recognizing a non-cash charge in our Consolidated Statements of Income, which could adversely affect our results of operations and our effective tax rate.

RISKS RELATING TO OUR RELATIONSHIPS WITH THIRD PARTIES

We depend on third-party bottling and distribution companies for a significant portion of our business. 

We license rights to third parties to bottle and distribute our products. A portion of our income from operations is generated from sales of beverage concentrates to third-party bottling companies that we do not own. Some of these bottlers are also our direct competitors, or also bottle and distribute products for our competitors. In addition, some of the finished products we manufacture are distributed by third parties. As independent companies, these bottlers and distributors may have the right to determine whether, and to what extent, they produce and distribute our products, our competitors’ products and their own products. They may devote more resources to other products, prioritize their own products, or take other actions detrimental to our brands. 

In most cases, they are able to terminate their bottling and distribution arrangements with us without cause. In some cases, the license agreements include buy-out rights that allow us to exit for a fee, and we may have additional limited termination rights. The termination of any material license arrangement could adversely affect our business and financial performance, and any disputes could be costly and divert management attention. We may need to increase support for our brands in certain territories to maintain our route to market and may not be able to pass price increases through to third-party bottlers and distributors. Deteriorating economic conditions could negatively impact the financial viability of third-party bottlers. 

Changes in the retail landscape or in sales to any key customer can adversely affect our business.

The retail industry is experiencing continued consolidation of ownership and purchasing power, resulting in large retailers or buying groups with increased purchasing power, which impacts our ability to compete. Retailers may seek lower prices from us, may demand increased marketing or promotional expenditures in support of their businesses, and may be more likely to use their distribution networks to introduce and develop private-label brands, any of which could negatively affect our profitability. In addition, our industry is being affected by rapid growth in discount retailers and in e-commerce retailers, including traditional retailers who are expanding their e-commerce capabilities, and our business will be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain and develop successful relationships with such retailers. Further, we must maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our key customers to compete effectively. Any inability to resolve a significant dispute with any of our key customers, a change in the business condition (financial or otherwise) of any of our key customers, even if unrelated to us, a significant reduction in sales to any key customer, or the loss of any of our key customers may adversely affect our business.

15

* * *

Table of Contents

Failure to maintain strategic relationships with brand owners and private label brands could adversely impact our future growth and business, potentially resulting in the termination of those agreements.

We regularly enter into strategic relationships for the manufacturing, distribution, and sale of K-Cup pods with partner customers, as well as with retailers for their private label brands. As independent companies, our strategic partners make their own business decisions which may not align with our interests. If we are unable to provide an appropriate mix of incentives to our strategic partners through a combination of premium performance and service, pricing, and marketing and advertising support, or if these strategic partners are not satisfied with our technological or other development efforts, they may take actions that adversely impact us, including entering into agreements with competing contract manufacturers or vertically integrating to manufacture their own Keurig-compatible pods. Increasing competition among Keurig-compatible pod manufacturers and moving to vertical integration may result in price compression, which could have an adverse effect on our gross margins. The loss of strategic partners could also adversely impact our future profitability and growth, awareness of Keurig brewers, our ability to attract additional brands or private label parties to do business with us or our ability to attract new consumers to buy Keurig brewers.

We also regularly enter into strategic relationships for the manufacture and/or distribution of beverage products from partner brand owners, including in emerging or fast-growing segments in which we may not currently have a brand presence. If our partner brands terminate their agreements with us, it could negatively affect our revenues and results of operations.

Equity method investments are managed independently of us and may have different interests than we do. Their decisions could impact our financial performance.

We regularly review our product portfolio and evaluate strategic transactions, such as equity method investments, generally to gain entry into categories where we do not participate or to expand our presence in areas where our participation is currently limited. The success of these transactions is dependent upon, among other things, our ability to realize the full extent of the expected returns and benefits as a result of the transaction, within the anticipated time frame, or at all. As these equity method investments are managed independently, we may be impacted by their business decisions or other actions, as they may have different interests than we do. We recognize a portion of our investees’ financial results within our net income based upon our ownership interest, unless the investment agreement indicates an alternative allocation of earnings or losses.

We also assess our equity method investments as and when required by GAAP to determine whether they are impaired and, if they are, we record appropriate impairment charges. Our equity method investees also perform similar recoverability and impairment tests, and we record our share of impairment charges recorded by them, if any, adjusted, as appropriate, for the impact of items such as basis differences, deferred taxes and deferred gains. It is possible that we may be required to record significant impairment charges or our proportionate share of significant impairment charges recorded by equity method investees in the future and, if we do so, our net income could be materially adversely affected.

The use of information technology by our third party commercial partners and service providers exposes us to business disruptions or other negative impacts that could adversely affect us.

We rely on third-party service providers, including cloud data service and other information technology service providers, suppliers, distributors, contractors and other business partners, for certain areas of our business, including certain finance, accounting, and IT functions, workforce management, and payroll processing. Some of our commercial partners may also receive or store information provided by us or our users through their websites, including information entrusted to them by customers. Our users’ data and customer information may be improperly accessed, used or disclosed if these third-party commercial partners fail to adopt or adhere to adequate information security practices, or fail to comply with their respective online policies, or in the event of a breach of our or their networks. If any of these third-party service providers or vendors do not perform effectively, or if we fail to adequately monitor their performance (including compliance with service level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements), we may experience business disruption, systems performance degradation, processing inefficiencies or other systems disruptions, the loss of or damage to intellectual property or sensitive data through security breaches or otherwise, incorrect or adverse effects on financial reporting, litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations, fines or penalties, remediation costs, damage to our reputation, a negative impact on employee morale or the loss of current or potential customers, all of which can adversely affect our business.

16

* * *

Table of Contents

These third parties are subject to similar risks as we are relating to cybersecurity, privacy violations, business interruption, and systems and employee failures, and are subject to legal, regulatory and market risks of their own. We do not have control over their business operations or governance and compliance systems, practices and procedures, which increases our financial, legal, reputational and operational risk. We have in the past, and may in the future, experience indirect impacts of events that take place at our third-party service providers and other business partners. If we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships, or for any reason our third-party service providers or business partners fail to satisfactorily fulfill their commitments and responsibilities, our financial results could suffer.

We rely on the performance of a limited number of suppliers and manufacturers for our brewers, and a limited number of order fulfillment companies for our brewers, beverage concentrates and syrups. 

A small number of companies, located primarily in Asia, co-manufacture the vast majority of our brewers. Our manufacturers may not be able to scale their manufacturing operations to match increasing consumer demand for our brewers at competitive costs. If our manufacturers were to cease or interrupt production or otherwise fail to supply brewers to us as agreed, we would be unable to obtain brewers for an indeterminate period of time, which could adversely affect our product sales and operating results.

The majority of the distribution of our brewers, beverage concentrates and syrups is handled by third-party order fulfillment companies in the U.S. Our third-party manufacturers and order fulfillment companies are subject to disruption, including as a result of health epidemics, natural disasters, information technology failures, commercial or international trade disputes, governmental regulatory and enforcement actions, labor stoppages or strikes, financial issues, or otherwise. These issues could delay importation and increase the cost of products, delay the fulfillment of the brewers, beverage concentrates and syrups to our customers or require us to locate alternative manufacturers or order fulfillment companies to avoid disruption, which could adversely affect our product sales and operating results.

GENERAL RISK FACTORS

Our financial results may be negatively impacted by recession, financial and credit market disruptions and other political, social or economic conditions.

Changes in economic and financial conditions in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, or other geographies where we do business may negatively impact consumer confidence and consumer spending, which could result in a reduction in our sales volume and/or switching to lower price offerings. Similarly, disruptions in financial and credit markets worldwide may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with customers, suppliers, and creditors. These disruptions could have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to pay their obligations on time, the ability of our vendors to supply materials in a timely manner, or the risk of counterparty default, each of which could reduce our cash flow.

We cannot predict how current or future economic conditions will affect our business partners, including financial institutions with whom we do business, and any negative impact on any of the foregoing may also have an adverse impact on our business. Disruptions in financial and credit markets could also have a negative effect on our ability to raise capital through the issuance of unsecured commercial paper or senior notes. In addition, declines in the securities and credit markets could affect our pension and PRMB assets and obligations, which in turn could increase our funding requirements.

Unstable geopolitical conditions or events in certain markets, including civil unrest, acts of war, terrorism, or governmental changes, or changes in international relations could undermine global consumer confidence and reduce consumers’ purchasing power, thereby reducing demand for our products. Restrictions on business activities, which have been or may be imposed or expanded as a result of political and economic instability, deterioration of economic relations between countries, such as changes in or terminations of existing trade agreements, or the imposition of tariffs (including recent U.S. tariffs imposed or threatened to be imposed on Canada, Mexico, China, and other countries, and any retaliatory actions taken by such countries), or otherwise, could impact our profitability or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business.

We have no operations in Russia, Ukraine, or the Middle East, but due to the impact of the ongoing conflicts in those regions on the global economy, we have experienced and may continue to experience supply chain constraints; inflation in input costs, logistics, manufacturing, and labor costs; volatility in fuel and commodity prices and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and interest rates, any of which could adversely impact our results of operations.

17

* * *

Table of Contents

U.S. and international laws and regulations could adversely affect our business. 

We are subject to a variety of federal, state, and local laws and regulations in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, and other countries in which we conduct business. These laws and regulations apply to many aspects of our business, including the manufacture, safety, sourcing, labeling, storing, transportation, marketing, advertising, distribution, pricing, and sale of our products. Other laws and regulations that may impact our business relate to competition and antitrust, the environment, relations with distributors and retailers, employment, privacy, health, and trade practices. Our expanding international business will also expose us to economic factors, regulatory requirements, increasing competition, and other risks associated with doing business in foreign countries, including import or export restrictions and tariffs. Our international business is also subject to U.S. laws, regulations, and policies, including anti-corruption and export laws and regulations. 

Any significant change in laws or regulations or their interpretation, in any of these jurisdictions, or the introduction of higher standards or more stringent laws or regulations, could result in increased compliance costs or capital expenditures or significant challenges to our ability to continue to produce and sell products that generate a significant portion of our sales and profits. Certain jurisdictions in which our products are sold have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes on the manufacture, distribution or sale of certain of our products, particularly our beverages, as a result of ingredients (including sweeteners or alcohol) or packaging and packaging materials, which could increase the cost of certain of our products, reduce overall consumption of our products or lead to negative publicity, resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial performance. Increasing governmental and societal attention to environmental, social, and governance matters has resulted and could continue to result in new laws or regulatory requirements, including new or expanded disclosure requirements that are expected to continue to expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters on which we are required to report. In addition, the entry into new markets or categories has resulted in and could continue to result in our business being subject to additional regulations resulting in higher compliance costs. Violations of laws or regulations could damage our reputation and/or result in criminal, civil, or administrative actions with substantial financial penalties and operational limitations. 

Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation. 

We have been, and in the future may be, a party to various litigation, claims, legal (including regulatory) proceedings, inquiries, and investigations that may include employment, tort, contract, real estate, antitrust, environmental, recycling/sustainability, intellectual property, commercial, securities, false advertising, packaging, product labeling, consumer protection, discriminatory pricing, privacy, tax, insurance, and other claims. We have been, and in the future may be, a defendant in class action litigation, including litigation regarding employment practices, product labeling, including under California’s “Proposition 65,” public statements and disclosures under securities laws, antitrust, advertising, consumer protection, and wage and hour laws. Plaintiffs in class action litigation may seek to recover amounts that are large and may be indeterminable for some period of time. We evaluate litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses, and we establish a reserve as appropriate based upon assessments and estimates in accordance with our accounting policies. We base our assessments, estimates and disclosures on the information available to us at the time and rely on legal and management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from assessments and estimates. Costs to defend litigation claims and legal proceedings and the cost and any required actions arising out of actual settlements, judgments or resolutions of these claims and legal proceedings may negatively affect our business and financial performance. Any adverse publicity resulting from allegations made in litigation claims or legal proceedings may also adversely affect our reputation, which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations. 

18

* * *

Table of Contents

Increased concerns related to the use or disposal of plastics or other packaging materials can adversely affect our business and financial performance.

We rely on diverse packaging solutions to safely deliver products to our customers and consumers. Concern has grown with respect to the use or disposal of plastics and their potential impact on health and the environment, which may contribute to actual or threatened legal action against us, negative consumer perception of our products, additional government regulation, or new or increased taxes on our products. Various jurisdictions in which our products are sold have imposed or are considering imposing laws, regulations, or policies intended to encourage the use of sustainable packaging, waste reduction, or increased recycling rates, or to restrict the sale of products utilizing certain packaging. These laws, regulations, and policies vary in form and scope between jurisdictions and include extended producer responsibility policies, plastic or packaging taxes, restrictions on certain products and materials, requirements for bottle caps to be tethered to bottles, restrictions or bans on the use of certain types of packaging, including single-use plastics and packaging containing PFAS, or other chemicals of concern, restrictions on labeling related to recyclability, and requirements to charge deposit fees. These laws and regulations have in the past and could continue to increase the cost of our products, impact demand for our products, result in negative publicity and require us and our business partners to increase capital expenditures to invest in reducing the amount of virgin plastic or other materials used in our packaging, to develop alternative packaging or product formats or to revise product labeling, all of which can adversely affect our business and financial performance. Changes in legislation could restrict the sale of our products that use such packaging materials, which could reduce our sales and profits. 

Significant additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products may inhibit sales of affected products. 

Various jurisdictions have adopted and may seek to adopt bans or restrictions on the use of certain ingredients or substances in products, as well as significant additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products because of what they contain or allegations that they cause adverse health effects. For example, under one such law in California, known as Proposition 65, if the state has determined that a substance causes cancer or harms human reproduction or development, a warning must be provided for any product sold in the state that exposes consumers to that substance, unless the exposure falls under an established safe harbor level or another exemption is applicable. If we were required to add Proposition 65 warnings on the labels of one or more of our products produced for sale in California, the resulting consumer reaction to the warnings and potential adverse publicity could negatively affect our sales both in California and in other markets. Regulators have also expressed concerns about the processing and use of particular ingredients or additives in beverage products. The imposition or proposed imposition of bans or restrictions on the use of certain ingredients or substances in products, or of additional limitations on the marketing or sale of our products, has in the past and could continue to reduce overall consumption of our products, lead to negative publicity or leave consumers with the perception that our products do not meet their health and wellness needs, resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial performance.

Our use of information technology and third-party service providers exposes us to cybersecurity breaches and other business disruptions that could adversely affect us.

We, and our third-party service providers, use information technology to support our global business processes and activities, including supporting critical business operations; communicating with our suppliers, customers, and employees; maintaining financial information and effective accounting processes and financial and disclosure controls; engaging in mergers and acquisitions and other corporate transactions; conducting research and development activities; meeting regulatory, legal and tax requirements; and executing various digital marketing and consumer promotion activities. Global shared service centers managed by third parties provide an increasing amount of services to conduct our business, including a number of accounting, internal control, information technology, human resources, and computing functions. Continuity of business applications and services has been, and may in the future be, disrupted by events such as infection by viruses or malware. In addition, our continuity of business applications and operations has been, and may in the future be, disrupted by other issues, including cybersecurity attacks (which may include social engineering, business email compromise, cyber extortion, denial of service, attempts to exploit vulnerabilities, hacking, website defacement, theft of passwords and other credentials, or unauthorized use of computing resources for digital currency mining); issues with or errors in systems’ maintenance or security; migration of applications to the cloud; power outages; hardware or software failures; telecommunication failures; natural disasters; terrorist attacks; unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors; and fires and other catastrophic occurrences and other cyber incidents. 

19

* * *

Table of Contents

Like most major corporations, we are regularly subject to cyberattacks and other cyber incidents, including the types of attacks and incidents described above. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to continue building and maintaining our information technology infrastructure, or if we fail to identify in a timely manner or appropriately respond to cyberattacks or other cyber incidents, including with respect to third-party service providers, our business has been and can continue to be adversely affected, which has resulted in and can continue to result in some or all of the following: business disruption, systems performance degradation, processing inefficiencies or other systems disruptions, the loss of or damage to intellectual property or sensitive data (including confidential information that we process and maintain about our employees or consumers through our e-commerce platform) through security breaches or otherwise, incorrect or adverse effects on financial reporting, litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations, fines or penalties, remediation costs, damage to our reputation or a negative impact on employee morale or the loss of current or potential customers, all of which can adversely affect our business. In addition, these risks also exist in acquired businesses, joint ventures, or companies we invest in or partner with that use separate information systems or that have not yet been fully integrated into our information systems. 

Similar risks exist with respect to our third-party service providers, including cloud data service and other information technology service providers, suppliers, distributors, contractors, and other business partners, that we rely upon for certain areas of our business, including payroll processing, health and benefit plan administration, and certain finance and accounting functions. When risks such as these materialize, the need for us to coordinate with various third-party service providers, including with respect to timely notification and access to personnel and information concerning an incident, and for third party service providers to coordinate amongst themselves might make it more challenging to resolve the related issues. As a result, we are subject to the risk that the activities associated with our third-party service providers can adversely affect our business even if the attack or breach does not directly impact our systems or information.

Although the cybersecurity incidents that we have experienced to date, as well as those reported to us by our third-party service providers, have not had a material effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations, such incidents could have a material adverse effect on us in the future. Security measures, including network security, backup and disaster recovery, upgrading systems and networks, enhanced training, and other security measures to protect our systems and data, cannot guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to all cyber incidents, systems disruptions, system compromises, or misuses of data. In addition, due to the constantly evolving nature of security threats, we cannot predict the form and impact of any future incident, and the cost and operational expense of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing protective measures to guard against increasingly complex and sophisticated cyber threats could increase significantly. Although we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of a breach or disruption, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses.

Failure to comply with personal data protection and privacy laws can adversely affect our business.

We are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. Privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently from one jurisdiction to another and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. In addition, new legislation in this area may be enacted in other jurisdictions at any time. Our efforts to comply with privacy and data protection laws may impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to increase over time, and we could experience substantial penalties, litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations, damage to our reputation, and fines or penalties related to violation of existing or future data privacy laws and regulations.

Further, as a retailer accepting debit and credit cards for payment, as well as other digital payment tools, we are subject to industry data protection standards and protocols such as the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard. In certain circumstances, our contracts with payment card processors and payment card networks (such as Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and Discover) generally require us to adhere to payment card network rules which could make us liable to payment card issuers and others if information in connection with payment cards and payment card transactions that we process is compromised, which liabilities could be substantial.

20

* * *

Table of Contents

Climate change or related legislation could adversely affect our business. 

Climate change may increase the frequency or severity of natural disasters and other extreme weather conditions, which could pose physical risks to our facilities, impair our production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain, or impact demand for our products. Climate change is already affecting the agricultural sector, and disruptions to crop growing conditions are expected to increase with extreme weather events, increasing temperatures, and changing water availability. Disruptions to crop growing conditions can cause changes in geographical ranges of crops, as well as weeds, diseases, and pests that affect those crops. These impacts have in the past and may in the future limit availability or increase the price volatility of key agricultural commodities, such as coffee, corn, citrus, cocoa, and apples, which are important sources of ingredients for our products. 

Concern over climate change, including global warming, has led to legislative and regulatory initiatives limiting greenhouse gas emissions and increasing disclosure obligations. Increased compliance costs due to legal or regulatory requirements, along with initiatives to meet our sustainability goals, may cause higher costs associated with, or disruptions in, the manufacturing and distribution of our beverage products. As a result, the effects of climate change and legal or regulatory initiatives to address climate change could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. In addition, any failure to achieve or properly report on our goals with respect to reducing our impact on the environment or perception of a failure to act responsibly with respect to the environment or to effectively respond to regulatory requirements concerning climate change can lead to adverse publicity, which could result in reduced demand for our products, damage to our reputation or increase the risk of litigation. Any of the foregoing can adversely affect our business.

Water scarcity and quality could adversely affect our business. 

Water is the primary ingredient in many of our products and is used across our operations. The competition for water among domestic, agricultural, and manufacturing users is increasing in the countries where we operate. Even where water is widely available, water purification and waste treatment infrastructure limitations and regulations could increase costs or constrain our operations. As water becomes scarcer, the quality of the water deteriorates, including due to the effects of climate change, or requirements on water purification or filtration increase, we may experience increased production costs; manufacturing constraints; supply chain disruption; higher compliance costs; increased capital expenditures; the interruption or cessation of operations at, or relocation of, our facilities or the facilities of our business partners; challenges to efficiency gains due to higher water usage in compliance with more stringent water quality standards; failure to achieve our water efficiency and conservation goals; perception of our failure to act responsibly with respect to water use or to effectively respond to legal or regulatory requirements concerning water scarcity and quality; or damage to our reputation, any of which can adversely affect our business. 

Fluctuations in our effective tax rate may result in volatility in our financial results. 

We are subject to income taxes and non-income-based taxes in many U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions. Tax legislation may be enacted, domestically or abroad, that impacts our effective tax rate. Changes in tax laws, regulations, related interpretations, and tax accounting standards in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may impact our effective tax rate and adversely affect our financial results. In addition, our effective tax rate in any given financial statement period may be significantly impacted by changes in the mix and level of earnings or by changes to existing accounting rules, tax regulations, or interpretations of existing law. Significant judgment is required in determining our annual income tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions. Although we believe our tax estimates, including intercompany transfer pricing policies, are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related disputes could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions, estimates, and accruals. The results of audits or related disputes could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements for the period or periods for which the applicable final determinations are made and for periods for which the statute of limitations is open.

21

* * *

Table of Contents

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY

We, and our third-party service providers, use information technology to support our global business processes and activities, which exposes us to cybersecurity risks. KDP’s overall risk management system includes ongoing cybersecurity risk assessment and reporting, incident management, and a diligence and risk management process for third-party service providers. Employees with network access participate in ongoing phishing, social engineering, and cybersecurity awareness training efforts, and we also conduct periodic tabletop exercises led by external consultants.

Our cybersecurity risk assessment and reporting process leverages the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s Cybersecurity Framework and is managed by our CISO, whose team comprises both internal personnel and third-party cybersecurity consultants. The CISO provides periodic reports to management, including our CEO, as well as other executive leadership members, and to the Audit and Finance Committee of our Board, which has oversight for cybersecurity risk management. These reports include updates on critical cybersecurity risks and the threat landscape; updates on the status of ongoing cybersecurity improvement initiatives, the internal control environment, and ongoing internal audit activities; and, if relevant, the status of actions taken with respect to certain cybersecurity incidents identified during the period.

We have an overall incident management plan, which is intended to provide guidance and protocols to facilitate timely notification and communication to key internal and external stakeholders, as appropriate, during an incident. A subset of this incident management plan is our Security Incident Response Plan, or SIRP, which is based on leading cybersecurity incident response practices. Incidents may be escalated to the CISO, our Chief Information Officer, our Chief Legal Officer, or other members of management or the Board, depending on the severity of the incident, and are handled according to the SIRP protocols, which includes incident detection and analysis; containment, eradication and recovery; and post-incident monitoring. We have developed a framework for assessing the materiality of any such incidents, including a committee responsible for determining whether the incident is material for disclosure. The committee includes our CISO, our Chief Information Officer, our Chief Legal Officer, our Senior Vice President and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer), our head of Internal Audit, and other members of management with relevant subject matter expertise.

Our CISO has more than 26 years of experience in cybersecurity and information technology, including, prior to joining KDP in 2019, more than 11 years as a principal in Ernst & Young’s cybersecurity practice. Our CISO reports directly to our Chief Information Officer, who also has over 37 years of experience in information technology and cybersecurity.

To date, we have not identified any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, which have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. For additional description of cybersecurity risks and potential related impacts on us, refer to the risk factors captioned “Our use of information technology and third-party service providers exposes us to cybersecurity breaches and other business disruptions that could adversely affect us” and “The use of information technology by our third party commercial partners and service providers exposes us to business disruptions or other negative impacts that could adversely affect us” in Item 1A, Risk Factors, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

22

* * *

Table of Contents

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

We have two global corporate headquarters, located in Burlington, Massachusetts and Frisco, Texas, both of which are leased.

The following table summarizes our principal manufacturing plants and principal warehouse and distribution facilities by geography and reportable segment as of December 31, 2024:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| U.S. Refreshment Beverages| | U.S. Coffee| | International| | Total  
| Owned| | Leased| | Owned| | Leased| | Owned| | Leased| | Owned| | Leased  
United States| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
Production facilities| 7 | | | 12 | | | 1 | | | 4 | | | — | | | — | | | 8 | | | 16 |   
Warehouse and distribution facilities| 27 | | | 64 | | | — | | | 8 | | | — | | | — | | | 27 | | | 72 |   
Foreign| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
Production facilities| 1 | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | 3 | | | 2 | | | 4 | | | 2 |   
Warehouse and distribution facilities| — | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | 5 | | | 65 | | | 5 | | | 65 |   
Total| 35 | | | 76 | | | 1 | | | 12 | | | 8 | | | 67 | | | 44 | | | 155 |   

We believe our facilities are well-maintained and adequate, that they are being appropriately utilized, and that they have sufficient capacity for their present intended purposes. The extent of utilization of such facilities varies based on seasonal demand for our products and the status of our investments to maintain or upgrade various technologies or equipment within such facilities. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we announced the planned closure of our Windsor, Virginia manufacturing facility, which is expected to take place in 2025.

We periodically review our space requirements, and we look to consolidate and dispose or sublet facilities we no longer need as appropriate.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

We are occasionally subject to litigation or other legal proceedings relating to our business. Refer to Note 18 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements related to commitments and contingencies, which is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not applicable.

23

* * *

Table of Contents

PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Our common stock is listed on Nasdaq's Global Select Market under the ticker symbol "KDP". As of December 31, 2024, there were 7,692 stockholders of record of our common stock. KDP's Board has declared a regular quarterly cash dividend and expects to continue to pay such dividends on a quarterly basis. 

COMPARISON OF TOTAL STOCKHOLDER RETURN

The following performance graph compares the cumulative total returns of KDP for a five-year period with the cumulative total returns of the S&P 500 Index and the S&P Food and Beverage Select Industry Index. The graph assumes that $100 was invested on December 31, 2019, with dividends reinvested quarterly. Performance shown in the graph is not necessarily indicative of future performance.

ISSUER REPURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

On October 1, 2021, our Board authorized a share repurchase program of up to $4 billion of our outstanding common stock, potentially enabling us to return value to shareholders. The $4 billion authorization is effective for four years, beginning on January 1, 2022 and expiring on December 31, 2025, and does not require the purchase of any minimum number of shares. As of December 31, 2024, $1,810 million remained available for repurchase under the authorized share repurchase program. We did not repurchase any shares during the fourth quarter of 2024.

ITEM 6. [RESERVED]

24

* * *

Table of Contents

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K generally discusses the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 and year-over-year comparisons between the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. Discussions of the periods prior to the year ended December 31, 2023 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the discussion therein for the year ended December 31, 2023 compared to the year ended December 31, 2022 is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report.

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains the names of some of our owned or licensed trademarks, trade names and service marks, which we refer to as our brands. All of the product names included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are either our registered trademarks or those of our licensors.

OVERVIEW

KDP is a leading beverage company in North America that manufactures, markets, distributes and sells hot and cold beverages and single serve brewing systems. We have a broad portfolio of iconic beverage brands, including Keurig, Dr Pepper, Canada Dry, Mott's, A&W, Peñafiel, Snapple, 7UP, Green Mountain Coffee Roasters, GHOST, Clamato, Core Hydration, and The Original Donut Shop. KDP has some of the most recognized beverage brands in North America, with significant consumer awareness levels and long histories that evoke strong emotional connections with consumers. We offer more than 125 owned, licensed, and partner brands, available nearly everywhere people shop and consume beverages through our sales and distribution network. 

KDP operates as an integrated brand owner, manufacturer, and distributor. We believe our integrated business model strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses through both our DSD system and our WD system. We market and sell our products to retailers, including supermarkets, mass merchandisers, club stores, pure-play e-commerce retailers, and office superstores; to restaurants, hotel chains, office product and coffee distributors, and partner brand owners; and directly to consumers through our website. Our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to more fully leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage.

SEGMENTS

Our operating and reportable segments are as follows:

•The U.S. Refreshment Beverages segment reflects sales in the U.S. from the manufacture and distribution of branded concentrates, syrup, and finished beverages, including the sales of our own brands and third-party brands, to third-party bottlers, distributors, and retailers.

•The U.S. Coffee segment reflects sales in the U.S. from the manufacture and distribution of finished goods relating to our K-Cup pods, single serve brewers, and other coffee products to partners, retailers, and directly to consumers through our Keurig.com website.

•The International segment reflects sales in international markets, including the following:

◦Sales in Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean, and other international markets from the manufacture and distribution of branded concentrates, syrup, and finished beverages, including sales of our own brands and third-party brands, to third-party bottlers, distributors, and retailers.

◦Sales in Canada from the manufacture and distribution of finished goods relating to our single serve brewers, K-Cup pods, and other coffee products.

25

* * *

Table of Contents

VOLUME

In evaluating our performance, we use different volume measures for LRB and for K-Cup pods and appliances. 

For LRB, we measure our sales volume in 288 fluid ounce equivalent cases.

•For beverage concentrates, we measure our sales volume as concentrate case sales for concentrates sold by us to our bottlers and distributors. A concentrate case is the amount of concentrate needed to make one case of 288 fluid ounces of finished beverage, the equivalent of 24 twelve ounce servings. It does not include any other component of the finished beverage other than concentrate.

•For packaged beverages, we measure volume as case sales to customers. A case sale represents a unit of measurement equal to 288 fluid ounces of packaged beverage sold by us. Case sales include both our owned brands and certain brands licensed to and/or distributed by us.

For our K-Cup pods and appliances, we measure our sales volume as the number of appliances and the number of individual K-Cup pods sold to our customers.

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 

Financial Overview 

| | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  

As Reported, in millions (except Diluted EPS)

| | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  

| | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  

26

* * *

Table of Contents

Key Events During and Subsequent to the Fourth Quarter of 2024

On October 23, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement with GHOST, and certain other parties named therein, to acquire a controlling interest in GHOST. Founded in 2016, GHOST is a lifestyle sports nutrition business with a portfolio anchored by GHOST Energy, a leading ready-to-drink energy brand. 

Under the terms of the agreement, we initially purchased a 60% stake in GHOST for aggregate consideration of approximately $1 billion on December 31, 2024. We also entered into an agreement requiring us to purchase the remaining equity interests in GHOST in 2028. The initial payment was funded primarily by proceeds drawn from the Term Loan Agreement. We also executed an agreement with GHOST and ABI which transfers the distribution rights for GHOST products from ABI to us, effective March 3, 2025, for a termination payment to ABI of $225 million which will be paid during the first quarter of 2025. Refer to Note 4 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

On January 31, 2025, we repaid the amount outstanding under the Term Loan Agreement using proceeds from commercial paper.

Uncertainties and Trends Affecting Our Business

We believe the North American beverage market is influenced by certain key trends and uncertainties. Refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors, as well as the Uncertainties and Trends Affecting Liquidity and Capital Resources section below, for more information about risks and uncertainties facing us. 

Refer to Note 6 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements and Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for management's discussion of how we manage our exposure to commodity risk. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

We eliminate from our financial results all intercompany transactions between entities included in our consolidated financial statements and the intercompany transactions with our equity method investees.

References in the financial tables to percentage changes that are not meaningful are denoted by "NM".

27

* * *

Table of Contents

For the Year Ended December 31, 2024 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2023: 

Consolidated Operations

The following table sets forth our consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023: 

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,| | Dollar| | Percentage  
(in millions, except per share amounts)| 2024| | 2023| | Change| | Change  
Net sales| $| 15,351 | | | $| 14,814 | | | $| 537 | | | 3.6 | %  
Cost of sales| 6,822 | | | 6,734 | | | 88 | | | 1.3 |   
Gross profit| 8,529 | | | 8,080 | | | 449 | | | 5.6 |   
Selling, general, and administrative expenses| 5,013 | | | 4,912 | | | 101 | | | 2.1 |   
Impairment of goodwill| 306 | | | — | | | 306 | | | NM  
Impairment of other intangible assets| 412 | | | 2 | | | 410 | | | NM  
| | | | | | |   
Other operating expense (income), net| 207 | | | (26)| | | 233 | | | NM  
Income from operations| 2,591 | | | 3,192 | | | (601)| | | (18.8)|   
Interest expense, net| 735 | | | 496 | | | 239 | | | 48.2 |   
| | | | | | |   
| | | | | | |   
Impairment of investments and note receivable| 2 | | | — | | | 2 | | | NM  
Other (income) expense, net| (60)| | | (61)| | | 1 | | | NM  
Income before provision for income taxes| 1,914 | | | 2,757 | | | (843)| | | (30.6)|   
Provision for income taxes| 473 | | | 576 | | | (103)| | | (17.9)|   
Net income| $| 1,441 | | | $| 2,181 | | | $| (740)| | | (33.9)| %  
| | | | | | |   
Earnings per common share:|  | |  | | | |   
Basic| $| 1.06 | | | $| 1.56 | | | $| (0.50)| | | (32.1)| %  
Diluted| 1.05 | | | 1.55 | | | (0.50)| | | (32.3)| %  
| | | | | | |   
Gross margin| 55.6 | %| | 54.5 | %| | | | 110 bps  
Operating margin| 16.9 | %| | 21.5 | %| | | | (460) bps  
Effective tax rate| 24.7 | %| | 20.9 | %| | | | 380 bps  

Sales Volume. The following table provides the change in sales volume compared to the prior year:

| | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | Percentage Change  
LRB| | 1.8 | %  
K-Cup pods| | 0.8 | %  
Appliances| | 7.4 | %  

Net Sales. Net sales increased $537 million, or 3.6%, to $15,351 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to $14,814 million in the prior year. This performance reflected volume/mix growth of 2.7% and favorable net price realization of 1.2%, slightly offset by unfavorable impacts from FX translation of 0.3%.

Gross Profit. Gross profit increased $449 million, or 5.6%, to $8,529 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to $8,080 million in the prior year. This performance primarily reflected the gross profit impact of net sales growth (3 percentage points), a net benefit from changes in ingredients, materials, and productivity (2 percentage points), and earned equity from the achievement of milestones associated with certain distribution agreements (1 percentage point), partially offset by net increases in other manufacturing costs (1 percentage point).

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. SG&A expenses increased $101 million, or 2.1%, to $5,013 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to $4,912 million in the prior year, led by increases in transportation and warehousing expenses (2 percentage points) and people costs (1 percentage point), partially offset by reduced costs associated with productivity projects (1 percentage point).

28

* * *

Table of Contents

Impairment of Goodwill. Impairment of goodwill reflected a non-cash impairment charge of $306 million within the U.S. Warehouse Direct reporting unit in the U.S. Refreshment Beverages segment. Refer to Note 5 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

Impairment of Other Intangible Assets. Impairment of intangible assets reflected non-cash impairment charges of $412 million for intangible brand assets, primarily led by Snapple. Refer to Note 5 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

Other operating expense (income), net. Other operating (expense) income, net reflected an unfavorable change of $233 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily driven by the accrued $225 million termination fee associated with ABI. Refer to Note 4 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

Income from Operations. Income from operations decreased $601 million, or 18.8%, to $2,591 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to $3,192 million in the prior year, as our increase in gross profit (14 percentage points) was more than offset by the impacts of our non-cash impairment charges for goodwill and other intangible assets (22 percentage points) and the accrued termination fee associated with ABI (7 percentage points).

Interest Expense, Net. Interest expense, net increased $239 million, or 48.2%, to $735 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to $496 million for the prior year, primarily driven by increased debt and higher financing costs (32 percentage points) and an unfavorable year-over-year change in unrealized mark-to-market activity (17 percentage points). 

Effective Tax Rate. The effective tax rate increased 380 bps to 24.7% for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to 20.9% in the prior year, primarily driven by the impact of our non-cash goodwill impairment charge (270 bps) and the unfavorable comparison to the prior year tax benefit received from a non-cash adjustment (100 bps).

Net Income. Net income decreased $740 million, or 33.9%, to $1,441 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 as compared to $2,181 million in the prior year.

Diluted EPS. Diluted EPS decreased 32.3% to $1.05 per diluted share as compared to $1.55 in the prior year.

Results of Operations by Segment

The following tables set forth net sales and income from operations for our reportable segments for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, as well as the other amounts necessary to reconcile our total segment results to our consolidated results presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP:

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023  
Net sales| | |   
U.S. Refreshment Beverages| $| 9,331 | | | $| 8,821 |   
U.S. Coffee| 3,967 | | | 4,071 |   
International| 2,053 | | | 1,922 |   
Total net sales| $| 15,351 | | | $| 14,814 |   
| | |   
| For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023  
Income from Operations|  | |   
U.S. Refreshment Beverages| $| 1,878 | | | $| 2,483 |   
U.S. Coffee| 1,079 | | | 1,158 |   
International| 545 | | | 475 |   
Unallocated corporate costs| (911)| | | (924)|   
Total income from operations| $| 2,591 | | | $| 3,192 |   

29

* * *

Table of Contents

U.S. Refreshment Beverages

The following table provides selected information about our U.S. Refreshment Beverages segment’s results:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,| | Dollar| | Percentage  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | Change| | Change  
Net sales| $| 9,331 | | | $| 8,821 | | | $| 510 | | | 5.8 | %  
Income from operations| 1,878 | | | 2,483 | | | (605)| | | (24.4)| %  
Operating margin| 20.1 | %| | 28.1 | %| | | | (800) bps  

Sales Volume. Sales volumes for the year ended December 31, 2024 increased approximately 1.0% compared to the prior year period. Growth in carbonated soft drinks and the contributions from partnerships, such as Electrolit and C4, was partially offset by softness in our still beverages portfolio.

Net Sales. Net sales increased 5.8% to $9,331 million in the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to $8,821 million in the prior year period, driven by favorable net price realization of 3.1% and volume/mix growth of 2.7%.

Income from Operations. Income from operations decreased $605 million, or 24.4%, to $1,878 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to $2,483 million for the prior year period. This decrease was primarily driven by the non-cash goodwill and intangible impairment charges (29 percentage points) and the accrued termination fee associated with ABI (9 percentage points). Other drivers include the benefit to gross profit of net sales growth (13 percentage points), a net benefit from changes in ingredients, materials, and productivity (3 percentage points), and earned equity from the achievement of milestones associated with certain distribution agreements (3 percentage points), partially offset by increased transportation and warehousing expenses (3 percentage points).

U.S. Coffee

The following table provides selected information about our U.S. Coffee segment’s results:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,| | Dollar| | Percentage  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | Change| | Change  
Net sales| $| 3,967 | | | $| 4,071 | | | $| (104)| | | (2.6)| %  
Income from operations| 1,079 | | | 1,158 | | | (79)| | | (6.8)| %  
Operating margin| 27.2 | %| | 28.4 | %| | | | (120) bps  

Sales Volume. K-Cup pod volume was flat for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to the prior year period. Appliance volume increased 7.3% in the year ended December 31, 2024, driven by Keurig market share momentum and improving coffeemaker category trends.

Net Sales. Net sales decreased 2.6% to $3,967 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to $4,071 million in the prior year period, driven by unfavorable net price realization of 3.6%, partially offset by volume/mix growth of 1.0%.

Income from Operations. Income from operations decreased $79 million, or 6.8%, to $1,079 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to $1,158 million in the prior year period, driven by the gross profit impact of the net sales decrease (11 percentage points), partially offset by a net benefit from changes in ingredients, materials, and productivity (3 percentage points).

30

* * *

Table of Contents

International

The following table provides selected information about our International segment’s results:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,| | Dollar| | Percentage  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | Change| | Change  
Net sales| $| 2,053 | | | $| 1,922 | | | $| 131 | | | 6.8 | %  
Income from operations| 545 | | | 475 | | | 70 | | | 14.7 | %  
Operating margin| 26.5 | %| | 24.7 | %| | | | 180 bps  

Sales Volume. The following table provides the percentage change in sales volumes for the International segment compared to the prior year period:

| | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | Percentage Change  
LRB| | 5.6 | %  
K-Cup pods| | 6.6 |   
Appliances| | 8.2 |   

Net Sales. Net sales increased 6.8% to $2,053 million in the year ended December 31, 2024, compared to $1,922 million in the prior year period, reflecting volume/mix growth of 6.2% and higher net price realization of 3.0%, partially offset by unfavorable FX translation of 2.4%. 

Income from Operations. Income from operations increased $70 million, or 14.7%, to $545 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to $475 million in the prior year period. This performance reflected the gross profit impact of volume/mix growth and higher net price realization (25 percentage points) and a net benefit from changes in ingredients, materials, and productivity (5 percentage points), partially offset by increased transportation and warehousing expenses (5 percentage points) and higher marketing investment (5 percentage points).

31

* * *

Table of Contents

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Overview

We believe our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. We continue to manage all aspects of our business, including, but not limited to, monitoring the financial health of our customers, suppliers, and other third-party relationships, implementing gross margin enhancement strategies through our productivity initiatives, and developing new opportunities for growth such as innovation and agreements with partners to distribute brands that are accretive to our portfolio.

Cash generated by our foreign operations is generally repatriated to the U.S. periodically as working capital funding requirements, where allowed. We do not expect restrictions or taxes on repatriation of cash held outside the U.S. to have a material effect on our overall business, liquidity, financial condition, or results of operations for the foreseeable future.

The following summarizes our cash activity for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022:

Principal Sources of Capital Resources

Our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from our operations, and borrowing capacity currently available under our Revolving Credit Agreement and our Term Loan Agreement. Additionally, we have an uncommitted commercial paper program where we can issue unsecured commercial paper notes on a private placement basis. Based on our current and anticipated level of operations, we believe that our operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations for the next twelve months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. To the extent that our operating cash flows are not sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, we may utilize cash on hand or amounts available under our financing arrangements, if necessary. At any time, and from time to time, we may seek additional deleveraging, refinancing, or liquidity enhancing transactions, including entering into transactions to repurchase or redeem outstanding indebtedness or otherwise seek transactions to reduce interest expense, extend debt maturities, and improve our capital and liquidity structure.

Sources of Liquidity - Operations

Net cash provided by operating activities increased $890 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2023, driven by the favorable comparison in working capital versus the prior year period.

32

* * *

Table of Contents

Cash Conversion Cycle

Our cash conversion cycle is defined as DIO and DSO less DPO. The calculation of each component of the cash conversion cycle is provided below:

| | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Component| | Calculation (on a trailing twelve month basis)  
DIO| | (Average inventory divided by cost of sales) * Number of days in the period  
DSO| | (Accounts receivable divided by net sales) * Number of days in the period  
DPO| | (Accounts payable * Number of days in the period) divided by cost of sales and SG&A expenses  

The following table summarizes our cash conversion cycle:

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| December 31,  
| 2024| | 2023  
DIO| 68 | | | 71 |   
DSO| 36 | | | 34 |   
DPO| 92 | | | 113 |   
Cash conversion cycle| 12 | | | (8)|   

Our cash conversion cycle increased 20 days to approximately 12 days as of December 31, 2024 as compared to (8) days as of December 31, 2023, which was primarily driven by the decrease in DPO, reflecting the reduction of payment terms for certain suppliers.

Accounts Payable Program

We work with our suppliers to optimize our terms and conditions, which includes payment terms. Excluding our suppliers who require cash at date of purchase or sale, our current payment terms with our suppliers generally range from 10 to 360 days. We also enter into agreements with third party administrators to allow participating suppliers to track payment obligations from us, and, if voluntarily elected by the supplier, sell payment obligations from us to financial institutions. Suppliers can sell one or more of our payment obligations at their sole discretion and our rights and obligations to our suppliers are not impacted. We have no economic interest in a supplier’s decision to enter into these agreements and no direct financial relationship with the financial institutions. Our obligations to our suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment terms, are not impacted. Refer to Note 2 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our obligations to participating suppliers.

Sources of Liquidity - Financing

Refer to Note 3 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for management's discussion of our financing arrangements.

We also have an active shelf registration statement, filed with the SEC on August 19, 2022, which allows us to issue an indeterminate number or amount of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, and warrants from time to time in one or more offerings at the direction of our Board.

33

* * *

Table of Contents

Debt Ratings

Our credit ratings are as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Rating Agency| | Long-Term Debt Rating| | Commercial Paper Rating| | Outlook  
Moody's| | Baa1| | P-2| | Stable  
S&P| | BBB| | A-2| | Stable  

These debt and commercial paper ratings impact the interest we pay on our financing arrangements. A downgrade of one or both of our debt and commercial paper ratings could increase our interest expense and decrease the cash available to fund anticipated obligations.

As of December 31, 2024, we were in compliance with all debt covenants and we have no reason to believe that we will be unable to satisfy these covenants. 

Principal Uses of Capital Resources

Our capital allocation priorities are investing to grow our business both organically and inorganically, continuing to strengthen our balance sheet, and returning cash to shareholders through regular quarterly dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. We dynamically adjust our cash deployment plans based on the specific opportunities available in a given period, but over time we allocate capital to balance each of these priorities.

Regular Quarterly Dividends

We have declared total dividends of $0.89 per share and $0.83 per share for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

Repurchases of Common Stock

Our Board authorized a four-year share repurchase program, ending December 31, 2025, of up to $4 billion of our outstanding common stock. Repurchases and retirements of common stock, including payments on our share excise tax obligation, were $1,110 million and $706 million during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, $1,810 million remained available for repurchase under the authorized share repurchase program.

Capital Expenditures

Purchases of property, plant, and equipment were $563 million and $425 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Capital expenditures, which includes both purchases of property, plant, and equipment and amounts included in accounts payable and accrued expenses, for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, primarily related to investments in manufacturing capabilities, both in the U.S. and internationally. Capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses were $220 million and $276 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which primarily related to these investments.

Investments in Unconsolidated Affiliates

From time to time, we invest in beverage startup companies or in brand ownership companies to grow our presence in certain product categories, or enter into various licensing and distribution agreements to expand our product portfolio. Our investments generally involve acquiring a minority interest in equity securities of a company, in certain cases with a protected path to ownership at our future option. Investments in unconsolidated affiliates were $7 million and $316 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

34

* * *

Table of Contents

Acquisitions of Businesses and Purchases of Intangible Assets

We have invested in the expansion of our DSD network through transactions with strategic independent bottlers or third-party brand ownership companies to enhance competitive distribution scale. From time to time, we additionally acquire brand ownership companies to expand our portfolio. These transactions could be accounted for either as an acquisition of a business or as an asset acquisition, if the majority of the transaction price represents the acquisition of a single intangible asset. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we completed several acquisitions. Refer to Note 4 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about these acquisitions. Purchases of intangible assets were $59 million and $56 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

RESIDUAL VALUE GUARANTEES

We have a number of leasing arrangements and one licensing arrangement with VIEs for which we are not the primary beneficiary. Each one of these arrangements contain an RVG. As of December 31, 2024, we have not recorded any liabilities as it is not probable that we will have to make any payments required under the RVGs. Refer to Note 19 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.

UNCERTAINTIES AND TRENDS AFFECTING LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Disruptions in financial and credit markets, including those caused by global economic uncertainty and fluctuations in interest rates, may impact our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. These disruptions could have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to timely pay their obligations to us, thus reducing our cash flow, or the ability of our vendors to timely supply materials.

Customer and consumer demand for our products may also be impacted by the risk factors discussed under "Risk Factors" in Part 1, Item 1A in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as subsequent filings with the SEC, that could have a material effect on production, delivery, and consumption of our products, which could result in a reduction in our sales volume. 

We believe that the following events, trends and uncertainties may also impact liquidity: 

•Our ability to either repay existing debt maturities through cash flow from operations or refinance through future issuances of senior unsecured notes;

•Our ability to access and/or renew our committed financing arrangements;

•Our ability to issue unsecured uncommitted commercial paper notes on a private placement basis; 

•Future mergers, acquisitions, or debt or equity investments, which may include brand ownership companies, regional bottling companies, distributors, and/or distribution rights to further extend our geographic coverage;

•Seasonality and other variability in our operating cash flows, which could impact short-term liquidity; 

•Our continued payment of regular quarterly dividends;

•Future repurchases of our common stock or special dividends to drive total shareholder return;

•Our continued capital expenditures;

•Fluctuations in our tax obligations; and

•A potential significant downgrade in our credit ratings, which could limit i) our ability to issue debt at terms that are favorable to us, or ii) a financial institution's willingness to participate in our accounts payable program and reduce the attractiveness of the accounts payable program to participating suppliers who may sell payment obligations from us to financial institutions, which could impact our accounts payable program.

35

* * *

Table of Contents

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

The process of preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. Critical accounting estimates are both fundamental to the portrayal of a company’s financial condition and results and require difficult, subjective or complex estimates and assessments. These estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, future expectations and other factors and assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The most significant estimates and judgments are reviewed on an ongoing basis and revised when necessary. We have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology we use to assess or measure our critical accounting estimates. We have identified the items described below as our critical accounting estimates. We do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use in our critical accounting estimates. However, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates or assumptions, we may be exposed to gains or losses that could be material to our consolidated financial statements. See Note 2 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of these and other accounting policies.

Impairment Assessment of Goodwill and Other Indefinite Lived Intangible Assets

We conduct tests for impairment of our goodwill and our other indefinite lived intangible assets annually, as of October 1, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We use present value and other valuation techniques to make this assessment. If the carrying amount of goodwill or an intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. For purposes of impairment testing, we assign goodwill to the reporting unit that benefits from the synergies arising from each business combination, and we also assign indefinite lived intangible assets to our reporting units. 

Our reportable segments as of October 1, 2024 were:

•U.S. Refreshment Beverages (reporting units: U.S. Beverage Concentrates, U.S. Warehouse Direct, and Direct Store Delivery)

•U.S. Coffee (reporting unit: U.S. Coffee)

•International (reporting units: Canada Beverage Concentrates, Canada Warehouse Direct, Canada Coffee, and Latin America Beverages)

For both goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the fair value of either the reporting unit or indefinite lived intangible asset is "more likely than not" less than its carrying value, also known as a Step 0 analysis. 

If a quantitative analysis is required:

•The impairment test for indefinite lived intangible assets encompasses calculating a fair value of an indefinite lived intangible asset and comparing the fair value to its carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value, impairment is recorded.

•The impairment tests for goodwill include comparing fair value of the respective reporting unit with its carrying value, including goodwill and considering any indefinite lived intangible asset impairment charges.

As of October 1, 2024, we performed a quantitative analysis for goodwill and certain of our indefinite lived brand assets, whereby we used an income approach, or in some cases a combination of income and market based approaches, to determine the fair value of our assets, as well as an overall consideration of market capitalization and enterprise value. These types of analyses contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate industry and economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. These assumptions could be negatively impacted by various risks discussed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

36

* * *

Table of Contents

Critical assumptions and estimates for quantitative analyses include revenue growth and profit performance over the next five year period, based on our strategic plan, as well as an appropriate discount rate and long-term growth rate, as applicable. Our strategic plan is updated as part of our annual planning process and is reviewed and approved by management, and includes assumptions related to macroeconomic conditions, competitive activities, productivity initiatives, and available market data. Discount rates are based on a weighted average cost of equity and cost of debt, adjusted with various risk premiums. Long-term growth rates are based on the long-term inflation forecast, industry and category growth trends, and the long-term economic growth potential. 

The following table provides the range of rates used in the analysis as of October 1, 2024:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Rate| | Minimum| | Maximum  
Discount rates| | 7.0 | %| | 9.5 | %  
Long-term growth rates| | — | %| | 3.5 | %  
| | | |   
| | | |   

The following table shows the non-cash impairment charges that were recorded for goodwill and for indefinite lived brand assets for the years presented:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | Year Ended December 31,   
(in millions)| | 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Goodwill(1)| | $| 306 | | | $| — | | | $| — |   
Indefinite lived brand assets(2)| | 412 | | | — | | | 472 |   

(1)Goodwill attributed to the U.S. WD reporting unit was impaired by the amount its carrying value exceeded its fair value.

(2)Indefinite lived brand assets, led primarily by Snapple for the year ended December 31, 2024, and Bai for the year ended December 31, 2022, were impaired to bring the respective carrying value equal to its fair value.

Sensitivity Analysis - Discount Rate

For goodwill, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the revenue and profit performance assumption, the effect of a 0.50% increase in the discount rate used to determine the fair value of the reporting units as of October 1, 2024, would result in additional non-cash impairment charges of $198 million to our U.S. WD reporting unit, but would not change our conclusion on any other reporting units.

For the indefinite-lived priority brand assets quantitatively assessed, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the revenue and profit performance assumption, the effect of a 0.50% increase in the discount rate used to determine the fair value of those assets as of October 1, 2024, would impact the amount of headroom over the carrying value of the following assets as follows (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | Selected Discount Rate| | Discount Rate Increase of 0.50%  
Headroom Percentage| | Carrying Value| | Fair Value| | Carrying Value| | Fair Value  
Brands| | | | | | | |   
0%(1)| | $| 280 | | | $| 280 | | | $| 1,730 | | | $| 1,620 |   
Less than 25%| | 2,580 | | | 2,900 | | | 1,130 | | | 1,290 |   
25 - 50%| | 1,488 | | | 2,160 | | | 1,627 | | | 2,210 |   
In excess of 50%| | 14,481 | | | 34,490 | | | 14,342 | | | 31,650 |   
| | | | | | | |   
| | | | | | | |   
| | | | | | | |   
| | | | | | | |   
| | | | | | | |   
| | | | | | | |   
| | | | | | | |   
| | | | | | | |   

(1)Carrying value at the selected discount rate reflects the results of the annual impairment analysis recognized during the year ended December 31, 2024. 

Sensitivity Analysis - Long-Term Growth Rate

For goodwill, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the discrete period revenue and profit performance assumptions as well as the discount rates, the effect of a 0.50% decrease in the long-term growth rate used to determine the fair value of the reporting units as of October 1, 2024, would result in additional non-cash impairment charges of $147 million to our U.S. WD reporting unit, but would not change our conclusion on any other reporting units. 

37

* * *

Table of Contents

For the indefinite-lived priority brand assets quantitatively assessed, holding all other assumptions in the analysis constant, including the discrete period revenue and profit performance assumptions as well as the discount rates, the effect of a 0.50% decrease in the long-term revenue growth rate used to determine the fair value of those assets as of October 1, 2024, would impact the amount of headroom over the carrying value of the following assets as follows (in millions):

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | Selected Long-Term Growth Rate| | Long-Term Growth Rate  
Decrease of 0.50%  
Headroom Percentage| | Carrying Value| | Fair Value| | Carrying Value| | Fair Value  
Brands| | | | | | | |   
0%(1)| | $| 280 | | | $| 280 | | | $| 1,730 | | | $| 1,660 |   
Less than 25%| | 2,580 | | | 2,900 | | | 1,130 | | | 1,310 |   
25 - 50%| | 1,488 | | | 2,160 | | | 1,627 | | | 2,240 |   
In excess of 50%| | 14,481 | | | 34,490 | | | 14,342 | | | 32,150 |   
| | | | | | | |   

(1)Carrying value at the selected long-term growth rate reflects the results of the annual impairment analysis recognized during the year ended December 31, 2024.

Refer to Note 5 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about our impairment assessments.

Revenue Recognition

We recognize revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied. Accruals for customer incentives, sales returns, and marketing programs are established for the expected payout based on contractual terms, volume-based metrics, and/or historical trends.

Our customer incentives, sales returns, and marketing accrual methodology contains uncertainties because it requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding our contractual terms in order to estimate our customer participation and volume performance levels which impact the revenue recognition. Our estimates are based primarily on a combination of known or historical transaction experiences. Differences between estimated revenue and actual revenue are normally insignificant and are recognized into earnings in the period differences are determined.

Additionally, judgment is required to ensure the classification of the spend is correctly recorded as either a reduction from gross sales or advertising and marketing expense, which is a component of our SG&A expenses.

A 10% change in the accrual for our customer incentives, sales returns and marketing programs would have affected our income from operations by $52 million for the year ended December 31, 2024.

Income Taxes

We establish income tax liabilities to remove some or all of the income tax benefit of any of our income tax positions based upon one of the following: 

•the tax position is not “more likely than not” to be sustained, 

•the tax position is “more likely than not” to be sustained, but for a lesser amount, or

•the tax position is “more likely than not” to be sustained, but not in the financial period in which the tax position was originally taken.

Our liability for uncertain tax positions contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various tax positions.

38

* * *

Table of Contents

Our income tax returns, like those of most companies, are periodically audited by domestic and foreign tax authorities. These audits include questions regarding our tax positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. As these audits progress, events may occur that cause us to change our liability for uncertain tax positions. To the extent we prevail in matters for which a liability for uncertain tax positions has been established, or are required to pay amounts in excess of our established liability, our effective tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. An unfavorable tax settlement generally would require use of our cash and may result in an increase in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution. A favorable tax settlement may be recognized as a reduction in our effective tax rate in the period of resolution.

Business Combinations

We record acquisitions using the purchase method of accounting. All of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at fair value as of the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.

The application of the purchase method of accounting for business combinations requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions in the determination of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, in order to properly allocate purchase price consideration between assets that are depreciated and amortized from goodwill. The fair value assigned to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on management’s estimates and assumptions, as well as other information compiled by management, including valuations that utilize customary valuation procedures and techniques. Significant assumptions and estimates include, but are not limited to, the cash flows that an asset is expected to generate in the future, the appropriate weighted-average cost of capital, and the cost savings expected to be derived from acquiring an asset, if applicable.

Further, certain of our acquisitions may include other forms of consideration, including mandatorily redeemable liabilities and other earn-out arrangements. As of the acquisition date, we record such consideration, as applicable, at the estimated fair value of the expected future payments associated with the obligation. Any changes to the recorded fair value of the consideration are recognized in earnings in the period in which they occur.

If the actual results differ from the estimates and judgments used in these estimates, the amounts recorded in the financial statements may be exposed to potential impairment of the intangible assets and goodwill, as discussed in Impairment Assessment of Goodwill and Other Indefinite Lived Intangible Assets above. 

39

* * *

Table of Contents

Impairment Assessment of Equity Method Investments Without Readily Determinable Fair Values

Equity method investments are reviewed quarterly to determine whether a significant event or change in circumstances has occurred that may have an adverse effect on the fair value of each investment. When such events or changes occur, we evaluate the fair value compared to our carrying value of the investment. For investments in non-publicly traded companies, management’s assessment of fair value is based on various valuation methodologies, including the option pricing model when the investment is in a preferred class of security, discounted cash flows, market multiples, and the impact of our contractual terms with the investee, as appropriate. We consider the assumptions that we believe a market participant would use in evaluating estimated future cash flows when employing the discounted cash flow methodologies. The ability to accurately predict future cash flows, especially in emerging and developing markets, may impact the determination of fair value. In the event the fair value of an investment declines below our carrying value, management is required to determine if the decline in fair value is other than temporary. If management determines the decline is other than temporary, an impairment charge is recorded. 

Investments in Variable Interest Entities

We hold equity investments in entities that are considered VIEs, including Nutrabolt and Chobani. We would be required to consolidate a VIE for which we are determined to be the primary beneficiary. To determine if we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE, we assess specific criteria and use judgment when determining if we have the power to direct the significant activities of the VIE and the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits from the VIE that may be significant to the VIE. Factors considered include risk and reward sharing, voting rights, involvement in day-to-day capital and operating decisions, representation on a VIE’s governance structure, existence of unilateral kick-out rights exclusive of protective rights or voting rights, and level of economic disproportionality between us and the VIE’s other partner(s). 

We have determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of any VIEs. Refer to Note 19 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our investments in VIEs.

EFFECT OF RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

Refer to Note 2 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recently issued accounting standards and recently adopted provisions of U.S. GAAP.

SUPPLEMENTAL GUARANTOR FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by certain of our direct and indirect subsidiaries (the "Guarantors"), as defined in the indentures governing the Notes. The Guarantors are 100% owned either directly or indirectly by us and jointly and severally guarantee, subject to the release provisions described below, our obligations under the Notes. None of our subsidiaries organized outside of the U.S., any of the subsidiaries held by Maple Parent Holdings Corp. prior to the DPS Merger, or any of the subsidiaries acquired after the DPS Merger (collectively, the "Non-Guarantors") guarantee the Notes. The subsidiary guarantees with respect to the Notes are subject to release upon the occurrence of certain events, including the sale of all or substantially all of a subsidiary's assets, the release of the subsidiary's guarantee of our other indebtedness, our exercise of the legal defeasance option with respect to the Notes, and the discharge of our obligations under the applicable indenture. 

The following schedules present the summarized financial information for Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. (the “Parent”) and the Guarantors on a combined basis after intercompany eliminations; the Parent and the Guarantors' amounts due from and amounts due to Non-Guarantors are disclosed separately. The consolidating schedules are provided in accordance with the reporting requirements of Rule 13-01 under SEC Regulation S-X for the issuer and guarantor subsidiaries. 

40

* * *

Table of Contents

The summarized financial information for the Parent and Guarantors were as follows:

| | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---  
(in millions)| For the Year Ended December 31, 2024  
Net sales| $| 9,720 |   
Gross profit| 5,082 |   
Income from operations| 600 |   
Net income attributable to KDP| 1,441 |   

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023  
Current assets| $| 2,373 | | | $| 1,957 |   
Non-current assets| 49,827 | | | 48,029 |   
Total assets(1)| $| 52,200 | | | $| 49,986 |   
| | |   
Current liabilities| $| 6,101 | | | $| 6,749 |   
Non-current liabilities| 20,984 | | | 16,689 |   
Total liabilities(2)| $| 27,085 | | | $| 23,438 |   

(1)Includes $115 million and $56 million of intercompany receivables due to the Parent and Guarantors from the Non-Guarantors as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

(2)Includes $1,997 million and $1,399 million of intercompany payables due to the Non-Guarantors from the Parent and Guarantors as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively.

41

* * *

Table of Contents

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

We are exposed to market risks arising from changes in market rates and prices, including movements in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates, and commodity prices. We regularly enter into derivatives or other financial instruments to hedge or mitigate commercial risks. We do not enter into derivative instruments for speculative purposes. Refer to Note 6 of the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about our derivative instruments.

FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK

The majority of our net sales, expenses, and capital purchases are transacted in U.S. dollars. However, we have exposure with respect to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Our primary exposure to foreign exchange rates is the Canadian dollar, the Mexican peso, and the Euro against the U.S. dollar. Exchange rate gains or losses related to foreign currency transactions are recognized as transaction gains or losses in earnings as incurred.

We use derivative instruments such as foreign exchange forward contracts to manage a portion of our exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates. As of December 31, 2024, we had derivative contracts outstanding with notional values of $976 million maturing at various dates through September 2026. The fair value of foreign currency derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting resulted in a net unrealized gain of $41 million as of December 31, 2024, and the impact of a 10% weakening in the U.S. dollar is estimated to decrease the fair value by approximately $50 million. The fair value of foreign currency derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting resulted in a net unrealized gain of $10 million as of December 31, 2024, and the impact of a 10% weakening in the U.S. dollar is estimated to decrease the fair value by approximately $38 million. Any increase or decrease in the value of the foreign currency derivatives would have an approximately offsetting change in the underlying hedged risk.

INTEREST RATE RISK

We centrally manage our debt portfolio through the use of interest rate contracts and monitor our mix of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. As of December 31, 2024, the face value of our fixed-rate debt, excluding lease obligations, was $12,743 million, and our variable-rate debt was $2,956 million, inclusive of commercial paper. From time to time, we also enter into interest rate contracts that effectively result in variable-rate interest payments or receipts. These derivative instruments are generally based on SOFR and a credit spread. As of December 31, 2024, all of our outstanding forward starting swaps, with a total notional value of $1,700 million, are expected to begin such payments or receipts in 2025.

We estimate that the potential impact to our interest rate expense associated with variable rate interest payments resulting from a hypothetical interest rate change of 1%, based on amounts outstanding as of December 31, 2024, would be an increase or decrease of approximately $47 million. Our estimate of the annual impact to interest expense reflects our assumption that SOFR will not fall below 0%.

COMMODITY RISK

We are subject to market risks with respect to commodities because our ability to recover increased costs through higher pricing may be limited by the competitive environment in which we operate. Our principal commodities risks relate to our purchases of coffee beans, PET, aluminum, diesel fuel, corn (for high fructose corn syrup), apple juice concentrate, sucrose, and natural gas (for use in processing and packaging).

We utilize commodities derivative instruments and supplier pricing agreements to hedge the risk of movements in commodity prices for limited time periods for certain commodities. As of December 31, 2024, we had derivative contracts outstanding with a notional value of $515 million maturing at various dates through July 2026. The fair market value of these contracts as of December 31, 2024 was a net liability of $51 million. As of December 31, 2024, a 10% change (up or down) in commodity prices is estimated to increase or decrease the fair value of these derivative instruments by approximately $51 million. Any increase or decrease in the value of the commodities derivatives instruments would have an approximately offsetting change in the underlying hedged risk.

42

* * *

Table of Contents

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

| | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | Page Number  
Consolidated Statements of Income| | 44  
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income| | 45  
Consolidated Balance Sheets| | 46  
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows| | 47  
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity| | 49  
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements| | 50  
1\. Business and Basis of Presentation| | 50  
2\. Significant Accounting Policies| | 51  
3\. Long-Term Obligations and Borrowing Arrangements| | 63  
4\. Acquisitions| | 66  
5\. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets| | 68  
6\. Derivatives| | 71  
7\. Leases| | 74  
8\. Segments| | 76  
9\. Revenue Recognition| | 79  
10. Earnings per Share| | 80  
11. Employee Benefit Plans| | 80  
12. Stock-Based Compensation| | 85  
13. Investments| | 87  
14. Income Taxes| | 88  
15. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)| | 91  
16. Property, Plant, and Equipment| | 92  
17. Other Financial Information| | 93  
18. Commitments and Contingencies| | 96  
19. Transactions with Variable Interest Entities| | 97  
20. Restructuring and Integration Costs| | 99  
21. Related Parties| | 100  
22\. Subsequent Events| | 101  
Reports of Independent Registered Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 34)| | 102  

43

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended December 31,   
(in millions, except per share data)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Net sales| $| 15,351 | | | $| 14,814 | | | $| 14,057 |   
Cost of sales| 6,822 | | | 6,734 | | | 6,734 |   
Gross profit| 8,529 | | | 8,080 | | | 7,323 |   
Selling, general, and administrative expenses| 5,013 | | | 4,912 | | | 4,645 |   
Impairment of goodwill| 306 | | | — | | | — |   
Impairment of other intangible assets| 412 | | | 2 | | | 477 |   
Gain on litigation settlement| — | | | — | | | (299)|   
Other operating expense (income), net| 207 | | | (26)| | | (105)|   
Income from operations| 2,591 | | | 3,192 | | | 2,605 |   
Interest expense, net| 735 | | | 496 | | | 693 |   
Loss on early extinguishment of debt| — | | | — | | | 217 |   
Gain on sale of equity method investment| — | | | — | | | (50)|   
Impairment of investments and note receivable| 2 | | | — | | | 12 |   
Other (income) expense, net| (60)| | | (61)| | | 14 |   
Income before provision for income taxes| 1,914 | | | 2,757 | | | 1,719 |   
Provision for income taxes| 473 | | | 576 | | | 284 |   
Net income including non-controlling interest| 1,441 | | | 2,181 | | | 1,435 |   
Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest| — | | | — | | | (1)|   
Net income| $| 1,441 | | | $| 2,181 | | | $| 1,436 |   
| | | | |   
Earnings per common share:|  | |  | |   
Basic| $| 1.06 | | | $| 1.56 | | | $| 1.01 |   
Diluted| 1.05 | | | 1.55 | | | 1.01 |   
Weighted average common shares outstanding:| | | | |   
Basic| 1,362.2 | | | 1,399.3 | | | 1,416.8 |   
Diluted| 1,368.3 | | | 1,408.4 | | | 1,428.5 |   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

44

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended December 31,   
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Net income including non-controlling interest| $| 1,441 | | | $| 2,181 | | | $| 1,435 |   
Other comprehensive income| | | | |   
Foreign currency translation adjustments| (612)| | | 288 | | | (167)|   
Net change in pension and post-retirement liability, net of tax of $—, $2, and $3, respectively| — | | | (4)| | | (6)|   
Net change in cash flow hedges, net of tax of $(24), $29, and $(87), respectively| 21 | | | (98)| | | 328 |   
Total other comprehensive (loss) income| (591)| | | 186 | | | 155 |   
Comprehensive income| 850 | | | 2,367 | | | 1,590 |   
Less: Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interest| — | | | — | | | — |   
Comprehensive income attributable to KDP| $| 850 | | | $| 2,367 | | | $| 1,590 |   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

45

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| December 31,  
(in millions, except share and per share data)| 2024| | 2023  
Assets  
Current assets:|  | |   
Cash and cash equivalents| $| 510 | | | $| 267 |   
Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents| 80 | | | — |   
Trade accounts receivable, net| 1,502 | | | 1,368 |   
Inventories| 1,299 | | | 1,142 |   
Prepaid expenses and other current assets| 606 | | | 598 |   
Total current assets| 3,997 | | | 3,375 |   
Property, plant, and equipment, net| 2,964 | | | 2,699 |   
Investments in unconsolidated affiliates| 1,543 | | | 1,387 |   
Goodwill| 20,053 | | | 20,202 |   
Other intangible assets, net| 23,634 | | | 23,287 |   
Other non-current assets| 1,200 | | | 1,149 |   
Deferred tax assets| 39 | | | 31 |   
Total assets| $| 53,430 | | | $| 52,130 |   
Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity  
Current liabilities:|  | |   
Accounts payable| $| 2,985 | | | $| 3,597 |   
Accrued expenses| 1,584 | | | 1,242 |   
Structured payables| 41 | | | 117 |   
Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term obligations| 2,642 | | | 3,246 |   
Other current liabilities| 835 | | | 714 |   
Total current liabilities| 8,087 | | | 8,916 |   
Long-term obligations| 12,912 | | | 9,945 |   
Deferred tax liabilities| 5,435 | | | 5,760 |   
Other non-current liabilities| 2,753 | | | 1,833 |   
Total liabilities| 29,187 | | | 26,454 |   
Commitments and contingencies| | |   
Stockholders' equity:|  | |   
Preferred stock, $0.01 par value, 15,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued| — | | | — |   
Common stock, $0.01 par value, 2,000,000,000 shares authorized, 1,356,664,609 and 1,390,446,043 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively| 14 | | | 14 |   
Additional paid-in capital| 19,712 | | | 20,788 |   
Retained earnings| 4,793 | | | 4,559 |   
Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income| (276)| | | 315 |   
Total stockholders' equity| 24,243 | | | 25,676 |   
| | |   
| | |   
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity| $| 53,430 | | | $| 52,130 |   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

46

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended December 31,   
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Operating activities:|  | |  | |   
Net income| $| 1,441 | | | $| 2,181 | | | $| 1,436 |   
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:|  | |  | |   
Depreciation expense| 422 | | | 402 | | | 399 |   
Amortization of intangibles| 133 | | | 137 | | | 138 |   
Other amortization expense| 178 | | | 181 | | | 172 |   
Provision for sales returns| 70 | | | 61 | | | 61 |   
Deferred income taxes| (254)| | | (4)| | | (289)|   
Employee stock-based compensation expense| 98 | | | 116 | | | 52 |   
Loss on early extinguishment of debt| — | | | — | | | 217 |   
Gain on sale of equity method investment| — | | | — | | | (50)|   
Loss (gain) on disposal of property, plant, and equipment| 16 | | | (1)| | | (80)|   
Unrealized loss (gain) on foreign currency| 33 | | | (13)| | | 26 |   
Unrealized loss on derivatives| 91 | | | 31 | | | 383 |   
Settlements of interest rate contracts| — | | | 54 | | | 125 |   
Equity in (earnings) loss of unconsolidated affiliates| (42)| | | (33)| | | 5 |   
Earned equity from distribution arrangements| (94)| | | (44)| | | — |   
Impairment of goodwill| 306 | | | — | | | — |   
Impairment of intangible assets| 412 | | | 2 | | | 477 |   
Impairment of investments and note receivable of unconsolidated affiliate| 2 | | | — | | | 12 |   
Other, net| (2)| | | 6 | | | 28 |   
Changes in assets and liabilities, excluding the effects of business acquisitions:| | | | |   
Trade accounts receivable| (209)| | | 70 | | | (398)|   
Inventories| (92)| | | 182 | | | (426)|   
Income taxes receivable and payables, net| 133 | | | (199)| | | (105)|   
Other current and non-current assets| (227)| | | (192)| | | (456)|   
Accounts payable and accrued expenses| (196)| | | (1,618)| | | 903 |   
Other current and non-current liabilities| — | | | 10 | | | 207 |   
Net change in operating assets and liabilities| (591)| | | (1,747)| | | (275)|   
Net cash provided by operating activities| 2,219 | | | 1,329 | | | 2,837 |   
Investing activities:|  | |  | |   
Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired| (1,000)| | | — | | | — |   
Proceeds from sale of investment in unconsolidated affiliates| — | | | — | | | 50 |   
Purchases of property, plant, and equipment| (563)| | | (425)| | | (353)|   
Proceeds from sales of property, plant, and equipment| 4 | | | 9 | | | 168 |   
Purchases of intangibles| (59)| | | (56)| | | (26)|   
| | | | |   
Issuance of related party note receivable| — | | | — | | | (18)|   
Investments in unconsolidated affiliates| (7)| | | (316)| | | (962)|   
| | | | |   
Other, net| 11 | | | 4 | | | 6 |   
Net cash used in investing activities| $| (1,614)| | | $| (784)| | | $| (1,135)|   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

47

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(CONTINUED)

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended December 31,   
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Financing activities:|  | |  | |   
Proceeds from issuance of Notes| $| 3,000 | | | $| — | | | $| 3,000 |   
Repayment of Notes| (1,150)| | | (500)| | | (3,365)|   
Net (repayment) issuance of commercial paper| (480)| | | 1,697 | | | 250 |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
Proceeds from term loan| 990 | | | — | | | — |   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
Proceeds from structured payables| 49 | | | 130 | | | 155 |   
Payments on structured payables| (129)| | | (148)| | | (158)|   
Cash dividends paid| (1,194)| | | (1,142)| | | (1,080)|   
Repurchases of common stock| (1,110)| | | (706)| | | (379)|   
Tax withholdings related to net share settlements| (61)| | | (62)| | | (15)|   
Payments on finance leases| (115)| | | (95)| | | (90)|   
| | | | |   
| | | | |   
Other, net| (23)| | | (6)| | | (46)|   
Net cash used in financing activities| (223)| | | (832)| | | (1,728)|   
Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents:| | |  | |   
Net change from operating, investing and financing activities| 382 | | | (287)| | | (26)|   
Effect of exchange rate changes| (41)| | | 19 | | | (7)|   
Beginning balance| 267 | | | 535 | | | 568 |   
Ending balance| $| 608 | | | $| 267 | | | $| 535 |   
| | | | |   
Supplemental cash flow disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities:| | | | |   
Capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses| $| 220 | | | $| 276 | | | $| 213 |   
Earned equity from distribution arrangements| 94 | | | 44 | | | — |   
Equity received in exchange for modification of related party contract| 19 | | | — | | | — |   
Acquisitions of businesses| 98 | | | — | | | — |   
Transaction costs included in accounts payable and accrued expenses| — | | | 6 | | | 8 |   
Conversion of note receivable to equity method investment| — | | | — | | | 6 |   
| | | | |   
Non-cash purchases of intangibles| — | | | — | | | 19 |   
Dividends declared but not yet paid| 312 | | | 299 | | | 281 |   
Mandatory redemption liability| 689 | | | — | | | — |   
Accrued excise tax on net share repurchases| 9 | | | 5 | | | — |   
| | | | |   
Supplemental cash flow disclosures:| | | | |   
Cash paid for interest| 494 | | | 443 | | | 363 |   
Cash paid for income taxes| 331 | | | 507 | | | 686 |   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

48

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Common Stock Issued| |  Additional   
Paid-In Capital| | Retained Earnings| | Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income| | Total   
Stockholders' Equity| | Non-Controlling Interest| | Total Equity  
(in millions, except per share data)| Shares| | Amount| | | | | |   
Balance as of December 31, 2021| 1,418.1| | $| 14 | | | $| 21,785 | | | $| 3,199 | | | $| (26)| | | $| 24,972 | | | $| — | | | $| 24,972 |   
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
Net income| — | | | — | | | — | | | 1,436 | | | — | | | 1,436 | | | (1)| | | 1,435 |   
Other comprehensive income| — | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | 155 | | | 155 | | | — | | | 155 |   
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
Dividends declared, $0.775 per share| — | | | — | | | — | | | (1,096)| | | — | | | (1,096)| | | — | | | (1,096)|   
Repurchases of common stock| (10.6)| | | — | | | (379)| | | — | | | — | | | (379)| | | — | | | (379)|   
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
Shares issued under employee stock-based compensation plans and other| 0.9 | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | — |   
Tax withholdings related to net share settlements| — | | | — | | | (15)| | | — | | | — | | | (15)| | | — | | | (15)|   
Stock-based compensation and stock options exercised| — | | | — | | | 53 | | | — | | | — | | | 53 | | | — | | | 53 |   
Balance as of December 31, 2022| 1,408.4 | | | 14 | | | 21,444 | | | 3,539 | | | 129 | | | 25,126 | | | (1)| | | 25,125 |   
Net income| — | | | — | | | — | | | 2,181 | | | — | | | 2,181 | | | — | | | 2,181 |   
Other comprehensive income| — | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | 186 | | | 186 | | | — | | | 186 |   
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
Dividends declared, $0.83 per share| — | | | — | | | — | | | (1,160)| | | — | | | (1,160)| | | — | | | (1,160)|   
Repurchases of common stock, inclusive of excise tax obligation| (21.7)| | | — | | | (711)| | | — | | | — | | | (711)| | | — | | | (711)|   
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
Shares issued under employee stock-based compensation plans and other| 3.7 | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | — |   
Tax withholdings related to net share settlements| — | | | — | | | (62)| | | — | | | — | | | (62)| | | — | | | (62)|   
Stock-based compensation and stock options exercised| — | | | — | | | 117 | | | — | | | — | | | 117 | | | — | | | 117 |   
Non-controlling interest surrender of shares| — | | | — | | | — | | | (1)| | | — | | | (1)| | | 1 | | | — |   
Balance as of December 31, 2023| 1,390.4 | | | 14 | | | 20,788 | | | 4,559 | | | 315 | | | 25,676 | | | — | | | 25,676 |   
Net income| — | | | — | | | — | | | 1,441 | | | — | | | 1,441 | | | — | | | 1,441 |   
Other comprehensive loss| — | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | (591)| | | (591)| | | — | | | (591)|   
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
Dividends declared, $0.89 per share| — | | | — | | | — | | | (1,207)| | | — | | | (1,207)| | | — | | | (1,207)|   
Repurchases of common stock, inclusive of excise tax obligation| (38.0)| | | — | | | (1,114)| | | — | | | — | | | (1,114)| | | — | | | (1,114)|   
Shares issued under employee stock-based compensation plans and other| 4.3 | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | — | | | — |   
Tax withholdings related to net share settlements| — | | | — | | | (61)| | | — | | | — | | | (61)| | | — | | | (61)|   
Stock-based compensation and stock options exercised| — | | | — | | | 99 | | | — | | | — | | | 99 | | | — | | | 99 |   
| | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
Balance as of December 31, 2024| 1,356.7 | | | $| 14 | | | $| 19,712 | | | $| 4,793 | | | $| (276)| | | $| 24,243 | | | $| — | | | $| 24,243 |   

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

49

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1\. Business and Basis of Presentation

ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS

Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. is a leading coffee and beverage company in North America that manufactures, markets, distributes, and sells hot and cold beverages and single serve brewing systems. 

References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to "KDP", “we”, “us”, and “our" refer to Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. and all wholly-owned subsidiaries included in the consolidated financial statements. Definitions of terms used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are included within the Master Glossary.

This Annual Report on Form 10-K refers to some of our owned or licensed trademarks, trade names, and service marks, which are referred to as our brands. All of the product names included herein are either KDP registered trademarks or those of our licensors.

BASIS OF PRESENTATION

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

FISCAL YEAR END

Our fiscal year end is December 31, and our interim fiscal quarters are March 31, June 30, and September 30. KDP's significant subsidiary, Maple Parent Holdings Corp., has a fiscal year end of the last Saturday in December, and its interim fiscal quarters end every thirteenth Saturday. The fiscal year for Maple Parent Holdings Corp. includes 52 weeks for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 and 53 weeks for the year ended December 31, 2022. We do not adjust for the difference in fiscal year, as the difference is within the range permitted by the Exchange Act.

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION

We consolidate all wholly owned subsidiaries. 

We consolidate investments in companies in which we hold the majority interest. In these cases, the third party equity interest is referred to as non-controlling interest. Generally, non-controlling interests are presented as a separate component within equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and net earnings attributable to the non-controlling interests are presented separately in the Consolidated Statements of Income. However, if the investment agreement contains a mandatorily redeemable financial instrument for the non-controlling interests, such mandatorily redeemable interests are recorded as a liability, rather than equity, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and no earnings are attributable to the non-controlling interests.

We would be required to consolidate VIEs for which KDP has been determined to be the primary beneficiary. To determine if we are the primary beneficiary, we assess specific criteria and use judgment when determining if we have the power to direct the significant activities of the VIE and the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits from the VIE that may be significant to the VIE. Factors considered include risk and reward sharing, voting rights, involvement in day-to-day capital and operating decisions, representation on a VIE’s governance structure, existence of unilateral kick-out rights exclusive of protective rights or voting rights, and level of economic disproportionality between KDP and the VIE’s other partner(s). We have determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of any VIEs. However, future events may require us to consolidate VIEs if we become the primary beneficiary.

We use the equity method to account for investments in companies if the investment provides us with the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies of the investee. Consolidated net income includes KDP's proportionate share of the net income or loss of these companies. Judgment regarding the level of influence over each equity method investment includes considering key factors such as ownership interest, representation on the Board or similar governing body, participation in policy-making decisions, and material intercompany transactions. 

50

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

We eliminate from our financial results all intercompany transactions between entities included in the consolidated financial statements.

RECLASSIFICATIONS

We reclassified amounts in the Financing Activities section of the consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 in order to conform to current year presentation, as maturities for our commercial paper program in both periods are 90 days or less.

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | | | Year Ended December 31,   
(in millions)| | Prior Presentation| | 2023| | 2022  
Net (repayment) issuance of commercial paper| | Proceeds from issuance of commercial paper| | $| 36,940 | | | $| 1,198 |   
Net (repayment) issuance of commercial paper| | Repayments of commercial paper| | (35,243)| | | (948)|   

2\. Significant Accounting Policies 

USE OF ESTIMATES

The process of preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the use of estimates and judgments that affect reported amounts. These estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, future expectations, and other factors and assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. These estimates and judgments are reviewed on an ongoing basis and are revised when necessary. Changes in estimates are recorded in the period of change. Actual amounts may differ from these estimates.

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Fair Value

Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Based upon the transparency of inputs to the valuation of an asset or liability, a three-level hierarchy has been established for fair value measurements. The three-level hierarchy for disclosure of fair value measurements is as follows:

Level 1 \- Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2 \- Observable inputs such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and significant value drivers are observable in active markets.

Level 3 \- Valuations with one or more unobservable significant inputs that reflect the reporting entity's own assumptions.

The fair value of Notes and marketable securities as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 are based on quoted market prices for publicly traded securities.

We estimate fair values of financial instruments measured at fair value in the consolidated financial statements on a recurring basis to ensure they are calculated based on market rates to settle the instruments. These values represent the estimated amounts we would pay or receive to terminate agreements, taking into consideration current market rates and creditworthiness. 

As of December 31, 2023, we did not have any assets or liabilities measured on a recurring basis without observable market values that would require a high level of judgment to determine fair value (Level 3). As of December 31, 2024, the mandatory redemption liability for GHOST is a liability measured on a recurring basis that is considered Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. Refer to the Mandatory Redemption Liability section below for further information.

51

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

Transfers between levels are recognized at the end of each reporting period. There were no transfers of financial instruments between the three levels of fair value hierarchy during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.

Acquisitions

We evaluate the facts and circumstances of each acquisition to determine whether the transaction should be accounted for as an asset acquisition or a business combination.

Asset Acquisitions

When substantially all of the fair value of the assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets, the transaction is accounted for as an asset acquisition. Direct transaction costs associated with asset acquisitions are capitalized.

Business Combinations

We include the results of operations of the acquired business in the consolidated financial statements prospectively from the acquisition date. We allocate the purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquired entity generally based on their fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair value of these assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the acquired entity is recorded as goodwill. During the measurement period, we will continue to obtain information to assist in determining the fair value of net assets acquired, which may differ from these preliminary estimates. Measurement period adjustments, if applicable, will be applied in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. Certain of our acquisitions may include other forms of consideration, including mandatorily redeemable liabilities and other earn-out arrangements. As of the acquisition date, we record such consideration, as applicable, at the estimated fair value of the expected future payments associated with the obligation. Any changes to the recorded fair value of the consideration are recognized in earnings in the period in which they occur.

Transaction expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and are expensed as incurred. These charges primarily include direct third-party professional fees for advisory and consulting services and other incremental costs related to the acquisition.

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents include cash and investments in short-term, highly liquid securities, with original maturities of three months or less. 

We are exposed to potential risks associated with its cash and cash equivalents. We place our cash and cash equivalents with high credit quality financial institutions. Deposits with these financial institutions may exceed the amount of insurance provided; however, these deposits typically are redeemable upon demand and, therefore, we believe the financial risks associated with these financial instruments are minimal.

Trade Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Expected Credit Losses

Trade accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. 

We are exposed to potential credit risks associated with our accounts receivable, as we generally do not require collateral on our accounts receivable. We determine the required allowance for expected credit losses using information such as customer credit history and financial condition, industry and market segment information, credit reports, and economic trends and conditions. Allowances can be affected by changes in the industry, customer credit issues or customer bankruptcies, or expectations of any such events in a future period when reasonable and supportable. Historical information is utilized beyond reasonable and supportable forecast periods. Amounts are charged against the allowance when it is determined that expected credit losses may occur. 

52

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

Activity in the allowance for expected credit loss accounts was as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Balance, beginning of the period| $| 10 | | | $| 9 | | | $| 7 |   
Charges to (reversals of) bad debt expense| — | | | 3 | | | 3 |   
Write-offs and adjustments| (1)| | | (2)| | | (1)|   
Balance, end of the period| $| 9 | | | $| 10 | | | $| 9 |   

Concentration of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable is limited due to the large number of customers in various channels comprising our customer base. Walmart is a major customer as described in Note 8. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, Walmart accounted for approximately $205 million and $204 million of trade receivables, respectively, which exceeded 10% of KDP's total trade accounts receivable.

Inventories

Inventories consist of raw materials, work in process, and finished goods. Raw materials include various commodity costs for our ingredients and materials sourced from various providers. The costs of finished goods inventories manufactured by us include raw materials, direct labor, and indirect production and overhead costs. Finished goods also include the purchases of brewing systems and certain beverages from third-party manufacturers. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is measured using standard cost, which approximates first-in, first-out. We regularly review whether the net realizable value of inventory is lower than its carrying value. If the valuation shows that the net realizable value is lower than the carrying value, we take a charge to cost of sales and directly reduce the carrying value of the inventory.

We estimate any required write downs for inventory obsolescence by examining inventories on a quarterly basis to determine if there are indicators that the carrying values exceed net realizable value. Indicators that could result in additional inventory write downs include age of inventory, damaged inventory, slow moving products, and products at the end of their life cycles. While management believes that inventory is appropriately stated, judgment is involved in determining the net realizable value of inventory. Adjustments for excess and obsolete inventories are based on an assessment of slow-moving and obsolete inventories, determined by historical usage and demand.

Property, Plant, and Equipment, Net

Property, plant, and equipment is stated at cost plus capitalized interest on borrowings during the actual construction period of major capital projects, net of accumulated depreciation. Significant improvements which substantially extend the useful lives of assets are capitalized, and expenditures for repairs and maintenance which do not improve or extend the life of the assets are expensed as incurred. We capitalize certain computer software and software development costs incurred in connection with developing or obtaining computer software for internal use, which are included in property, plant, and equipment. When property, plant, and equipment is sold, the costs and the related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any net gain or loss is recorded in Other operating expense (income), net in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

For financial reporting purposes, depreciation is computed on the straight-line method over the estimated useful asset lives as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Type of Asset| | Useful Life  
Buildings and improvements| | 3| to| 40 years  
Machinery and equipment| | 2| to| 20 years  
Cold drink equipment| | 2| to| 7 years  
Computer software| | 2| to| 8 years  

Leasehold improvements, which are primarily considered building improvements, are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the assets or the lease term. Estimated useful lives are periodically reviewed and, when warranted, are updated.

53

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

We periodically review long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. In order to assess recoverability, we compare the estimated undiscounted future pre-tax cash flows from the use of the group of assets, as defined, to the carrying amount of such assets. Measurement of an impairment loss is based on the excess of the carrying amount of the group of assets over the long-lived asset's fair value, and any impairment loss is recorded in Other operating expense (income), net, in the Consolidated Statements of Income. For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, no impairment loss was recorded related to these assets.

Leases 

We lease certain facilities and machinery and equipment, including fleet. These leases expire at various dates through 2044. Some lease agreements contain standard renewal provisions that allow us to renew the lease at rates equivalent to fair market value at the end of the lease term. Our lease agreements do not contain any material restrictive covenants. Certain leases of manufacturing and distribution properties and our Frisco headquarters contain an RVG at the end of the term. Refer to Note 19 for additional information about RVGs.

Operating leases are included within other non-current assets, other current liabilities, and other non-current liabilities within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Finance leases are included within Property, plant, and equipment, net, other current liabilities, and other non-current liabilities. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Right of use assets and lease liabilities are recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at the present value of future minimum lease payments over the lease term on the commencement date. When the rate implicit in the lease is not provided to us, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on information available at the commencement date to determine the present value of future minimum lease payments. Our incremental borrowing rate is determined using a portfolio of secured borrowing rates commensurate with the term of the lease and is reassessed on a quarterly basis. 

We have lease agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are generally accounted for as a single lease component.

Sale-and-leaseback transactions occur when we sell assets to a third-party and subsequently lease them back. The resulting leases that qualify for sale-and-leaseback accounting are evaluated and accounted for as operating leases. A transaction that does not qualify for sale-and-leaseback accounting as a result of finance lease classification or the failure to meet certain revenue recognition criteria is accounted for as a financing transaction. For a financing transaction, we retain the assets sold within Property, plant, and equipment, net and record a financing obligation equal to the amount of cash proceeds received. Rental payments under such transactions are recognized as a reduction of the financing obligation and as interest expense using an effective interest method.

Investments 

Deferred Compensation Plan

We have a U.S. non-qualified defined contribution plan. Contributions under the non-qualified defined contribution plan are maintained in a rabbi trust and are not readily available to us. The rabbi trust consists of readily marketable equity securities, which are included in Other non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Gains or losses from such investments are charged to Other (income) expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

The corresponding deferred compensation liability is included in Other non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, with changes in this obligation recognized as adjustments to compensation expense and recorded in SG&A expenses.

54

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

Investments in Other Equity Securities

We consolidate investments in companies in which we hold the majority interest. In these cases, the third party equity interest is referred to as non-controlling interest. Generally, non-controlling interests are presented as a separate component within equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and net earnings attributable to the non-controlling interests are presented separately in the Consolidated Statements of Income. However, if the investment agreement contains a mandatorily redeemable financial instrument for the non-controlling interests, such mandatorily redeemable interests are recorded as a liability, rather than equity, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and no earnings are attributable to the non-controlling interests. 

On July 31, 2023, the remaining shareholders of Revive surrendered their ownership interests. As a result, KDP holds 100% ownership interest in Revive and has eliminated the Non-controlling interest component within the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity. As of December 31, 2024, we hold a majority interest in GHOST. This investment contains a mandatorily redeemable financial instrument for the non-controlling interests. Refer to Note 4 for further information about the GHOST Transactions.

We also hold investments in certain entities which are accounted for as equity method investments, equity securities with readily determinable fair value, or equity securities without readily determinable value. 

The companies over which we exert significant influence, but do not control the financial and operating decisions, are accounted for as equity method investments. Equity method investments are reported at cost, which includes third-party transaction costs, and are adjusted each period for dividends paid, if any, as well as our share of the investee’s net income or loss, unless the investment agreement indicates an alternative allocation of earnings or losses. Our share of the net income or loss resulting from these investments is recorded in Other (income) expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. To the extent we earn additional equity in these investments from achieving certain contractual milestones in our distribution activities, the earned equity is recorded as a reduction in Cost of sales and included in the Earned equity from distribution arrangements line on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Any gains and losses resulting from the sale of these investments are recorded in Gain on sale of equity method investment. The carrying value of our equity method investments is reported in Investments in unconsolidated affiliates in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Distributions received from equity method investments are classified using the cumulative earnings approach on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

Investments with readily determinable fair values for which we do not have the ability to exercise significant influence are measured at fair value and reported in Other non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, all such investments were categorized as Level 1. Unrealized gains and losses on these investments are recorded in Other (income) expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Investments without readily determinable fair values for which we do not have the ability to exercise significant influence are accounted for at cost and reported in Other non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Any gains or losses resulting from the sales of these investments are recorded in Other operating expense (income), net, in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

Our equity method investments in certain privately held entities do not have readily determinable fair values and are periodically evaluated for impairment. An impairment loss would be recorded whenever a decline in value of an investment below its carrying amount is determined to be other than temporary. We recorded impairment charges of $2 million and $12 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2022, respectively, on the Impairment of investments and note receivable line in the Consolidated Statements of Income. No impairment charges were recorded for the year ended December 31, 2023.

55

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

Other intangible assets are classified into two categories: 

•intangible assets with definite lives subject to amortization, and

•intangible assets with indefinite lives not subject to amortization.

The majority of the intangible asset balance is made up of brands which we have determined to have indefinite useful lives. In arriving at the conclusion that a brand has an indefinite useful life, we review factors such as size, diversification, and market share of each brand. We expect to acquire, hold, and support brands for an indefinite period through consumer marketing and promotional support. We also consider factors such as our ability to continue to protect the legal rights that arise from these intangible assets indefinitely or the absence of any regulatory, economic, or competitive factors that could truncate the life of these intangible assets. If the criteria are not met, the brand is considered to have a finite useful life.

Identifiable intangible assets deemed to have determinable finite useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over the period of which the expected economic benefit is derived. Amortization expense is recorded in Selling, general, and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The estimated useful lives of intangible assets with definite lives are as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Type of Asset| | Useful Life  
Acquired technology| | | | 20 years  
Brands| | | | 5 years  
Contractual arrangements| | 10| to| 20 years  
Customer relationships| | 10| to | 40 years  
Distribution rights| | 4| to| 10 years  
Trade names| | | | 10 years  

For intangible assets with definite lives, tests for impairment are performed if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable.

For goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, we perform quarterly analyses to evaluate whether any triggering events have occurred which may indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. We also conduct tests for impairment annually on the first day of the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 

For both goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the fair value of either the reporting unit or indefinite lived intangible asset is "more likely than not" less than its carrying value, also known as a Step 0 analysis. When performing a quantitative, or Step 1, analysis, we use the income approach, or in some cases a combination of income and market based approaches, to determine the fair value of our assets, as well as an overall consideration of market capitalization and enterprise value

The tests for impairment include significant judgment in estimating the fair value of reporting units and intangible assets. Management's estimates of fair value, which fall under Level 3 and are non-recurring, are based on historical and forecasted revenues and profit performance and discount rates. Fair value is based on what the reporting units and intangible assets would be worth to a third party market participant. Discount rates are based on a weighted average cost of equity and cost of debt, adjusted with various risk premiums. 

56

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

Goodwill is assigned to reporting units for purposes of impairment testing. A reporting unit is the same as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment. As of October 1, 2024, KDP's reporting units were as follows: 

| | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Reportable Segments| | Reporting Units  
U.S. Refreshment Beverages| | U.S. Beverage Concentrates  
| | U.S. WD  
| | DSD  
| |   
U.S. Coffee| | U.S. Coffee  
International| | Canada Beverage Concentrates  
| | Canada WD  
| | Canada Coffee  
| | Latin America Beverages  

If the carrying value of the reporting unit or intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge will be recorded in current earnings for the difference up to the carrying value of the goodwill or intangible asset recorded. Refer to Note 5 for additional information.

Capitalized Customer Incentive Programs

KDP provides support to certain customers to cover various programs and initiatives to increase net sales, including contributions to customers or vendors for cold drink equipment used to market and sell our products. These programs and initiatives generally directly benefit KDP over a period of time. Accordingly, costs of these programs and initiatives are recorded in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Refer to Note 17 for additional information. The costs for these programs are amortized over the period to be directly benefited based upon a methodology consistent with our contractual rights under these arrangements.

Accounts Payable

We have agreements with third party administrators which allow participating suppliers to track payment obligations from KDP, and, if voluntarily elected by the supplier, to sell payment obligations from KDP to financial institutions. Suppliers can sell one or more of KDP's payment obligations at their sole discretion, and the rights and obligations of KDP to its suppliers are not impacted. KDP has no economic interest in a supplier’s decision to enter into these agreements and no direct financial relationship with the financial institutions. KDP's obligations to its suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment terms, are not impacted.

The table below summarizes activity in our outstanding obligations under supplier financing arrangements, which are confirmed as valid and included in accounts payable:

| | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---  
(in millions)| For the Year Ended December 31, 2024  
Balance as of December 31, 2023| $| 2,389 |   
Additions| 2,999 |   
Settlements| (3,639)|   
Effect of exchange rate changes| (9)|   
Balance as of December 31, 2024| $| 1,740 |   

57

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

Structured Payables

We have entered into an agreement with a supply chain payment processing intermediary, for the intermediary to act as a virtual credit card sponsor, whereby the card sponsor pays amounts on behalf of KDP and sells the amounts due from KDP to a participating financial institution. The card sponsor then bills KDP the original payment amount, effectively financing the transaction. The agreement permits us to utilize the third party and participating financial institutions to make a broad range of payments, including commercial payables to suppliers, business acquisitions, purchases of property, plant, and equipment, and employee-related payments.

Additionally, we have commercial arrangements with suppliers who use third party administrators to sell payment obligations from KDP to financial institutions. We evaluate these commercial arrangements with suppliers to determine if they are more representative of debt or accounts payable classification. If we determine these commercial arrangements are more representative of a financing transaction, then we record those payment obligations as structured payables.

Structured payables have equal priority with accounts payable and are treated as non-recourse obligations. We record interest for the period the structured payables obligation is outstanding and reflect the proceeds and payments related to these transactions as a financing activity on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.

Mandatory Redemption Liability

Certain of our acquisitions may include other forms of consideration, including mandatorily redeemable liabilities and other earn-out arrangements. As of the acquisition date, we record such consideration, as applicable, at the estimated fair value of the expected future payments associated with the obligation. Any changes to the recorded fair value of the consideration are recognized in earnings in the period in which they occur.

Subsequent to the date of acquisition, if future payments are expected to differ from our estimate as of the date of acquisition, any related fair value adjustments are recognized in the period that such expectation is considered probable. Changes in the fair value of payments are recorded within Other nonoperating (income) expense, net, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

For the year ended December 31, 2024, the fair value of our mandatory redemption liability for Ghost was estimated using the Monte Carlo simulation method, which incorporates significant inputs not observable in the market (Level 3 inputs) including forecasted EBITDA expectations, adjusting for market risks and volatility, calculating redemption prices, discounting to present terms with the cost of debt, and averaging results across scenarios to determine fair value, incorporating the market price of risk and volatility estimates from similar companies. Mandatory redemption liabilities are included within Other non-current liabilities within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Refer to Note 17 for additional information.

Pension and Post-retirement Medical Benefits

KDP has U.S. and foreign pension and PRMB plans which provide benefits to a defined group of employees who satisfy age and length of service requirements at the discretion of KDP. As of December 31, 2024, KDP has several stand-alone non-contributory defined benefit plans and PRMB plans. Depending on the plan, pension and PRMB benefits are based on a combination of factors, which may include salary, age, and years of service.

Employee pension and PRMB plan obligations and the associated expense included in the consolidated financial statements are determined from actuarial analyses based on plan assumptions, employee demographic data, years of service, compensation, benefits and claims paid, and employer contributions. Non-cash settlement charges occur when the total amount of lump sum payments made to participants of various U.S. defined pension plans exceed the estimated annual interest and service costs.

The components of net periodic benefit cost other than the service cost component are included in Other (income) expense, net, in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The service cost component is included in either Cost of sales or SG&A expenses, depending on the classification of the employee's other compensation costs.

The objective with respect to the funding of our pension plans is to provide adequate assets for the payment of future benefits. Pursuant to this objective, KDP will fund the pension plans as required by governmental regulations and may consider discretionary contributions as conditions warrant. 

58

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

KDP participates in several multi-employer pension plans and makes contributions to those plans, which are recorded in either Cost of sales or SG&A expenses, depending on the classification of the employee's other compensation costs.

Risk Management Programs

We retain selected levels of property, casualty, workers' compensation, health, cyber, and other business risks. Many of these risks are covered under conventional insurance and reinsurance programs with deductibles or self-insured retentions. Accrued liabilities related to the retained casualty and health risks are calculated based on loss experience and development factors, which contemplate a number of variables including claim history and expected trends, and are recorded in Other current liabilities and Other non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Income Taxes

Income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability approach, which involves determining the temporary differences between assets and liabilities recognized for financial reporting and the corresponding amounts recognized for tax purposes and computing the tax-related carryforwards at the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be reversed. The resulting amounts are deferred tax assets or liabilities. The total of taxes currently payable per the tax return, the deferred tax expense or benefit, and the impact of uncertain tax positions represents the income tax expense or benefit for the year for financial reporting purposes.

We periodically assess the likelihood of realizing our deferred tax assets based on the amount that we believe is more likely than not to be realized. We base our judgment of the recoverability of deferred tax assets primarily on historical earnings, our estimate of current and expected future earnings, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies.

We establish income tax liabilities to remove some or all of the income tax benefit of any of our income tax positions at the time we determine that the positions become uncertain based upon one of the following: (1) the tax position is not "more likely than not" to be sustained, (2) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but for a lesser amount, or (3) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, but not in the financial period in which the tax position was originally taken. The evaluation of whether or not a tax position is uncertain is based on the following: (1) we presume the tax position will be examined by the relevant taxing authority such as the IRS that has full knowledge of all relevant information, (2) the technical merits of a tax position are derived from authorities such as legislation and statutes, legislative intent, regulations, rulings, and case law, and their applicability to the facts and circumstances of the tax position, and (3) each tax position is evaluated without considerations of the possibility of offset or aggregation with other tax positions taken. We adjust these income tax liabilities when our judgment changes as a result of new information. Any change will impact income tax expense in the period in which such determination is made.

Derivative Instruments

KDP is exposed to market risks arising from adverse changes in interest rates, commodity prices, and FX rates. We manage these risks through a variety of strategies, including the use of interest rate contracts, FX forward contracts, commodity forward, future, swap and option contracts, and supplier pricing agreements. We do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes.

All derivative instruments are recorded on a gross basis, including those subject to master netting arrangements.

59

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

We formally designate and account for certain foreign exchange forward contracts and interest rate contracts that meet established accounting criteria under U.S. GAAP as cash flow hedges. For such contracts, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instruments is recorded, net of applicable taxes, in AOCI. When net income is affected by the variability of the underlying transaction, the applicable offsetting amount of the gain or loss from the derivative instrument deferred in AOCI is reclassified to net income. Cash flows from derivative instruments designated in a qualifying hedging relationship are classified in the same category as the cash flows from the underlying hedged items. If a cash flow hedge were to cease to qualify for hedge accounting, or were terminated, the derivatives would continue to be carried on the balance sheet at fair value until settled and hedge accounting would be discontinued prospectively. If the underlying hedged transaction ceases to exist, any associated amounts reported in AOCI would be reclassified to earnings at that time.

For derivatives that are not designated or for which the designated hedging relationship is discontinued, the gain or loss on the instrument is recognized in earnings in the period of change. 

We have exposure to credit losses from derivative instruments in an asset position in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to the agreements. Historically, we have not experienced material credit losses as a result of counterparty nonperformance. We select and periodically review our counterparties based on credit ratings, limit our exposure to a single counterparty under defined guidelines and monitor the market position of the programs upon execution of a hedging transaction and at least on a quarterly basis.

Loss Contingencies

Legal Matters

KDP is involved from time to time in various claims, proceedings, and litigation, including those described in Note 18. We establish reserves for specific legal proceedings when we determine that the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Management has also identified certain other legal matters where it believes an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible and/or for which no estimate of possible losses can be made, and where applicable, provides disclosure of such legal matters in Note 18.

Product Warranties

We provide for the estimated cost of product warranties associated with our brewers in cost of sales, at the time product revenue is recognized. Warranty costs are estimated primarily using historical warranty information in conjunction with current engineering assessments applied to the expected repair or replacement costs. The estimate for warranties requires assumptions relating to expected warranty claims which are based on historical claims and known current year factors.

Revenue Recognition

We recognize revenue when performance obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied. Branded product sales, which include LRBs, K-Cup pods, appliances, and other, occur once control is transferred upon delivery to the customer. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration we expect to receive in exchange for transferring goods. The amount of consideration we receive and revenue we recognize varies with changes in customer incentives offered to our customers and their customers. These incentives and discounts, which are recorded as a reduction of revenue, include cash discounts, price allowances, volume-based rebates, product placement fees, and other financial support for items such as trade promotions, displays, new products, consumer incentives, and advertising assistance. Accruals are established for the expected payout based on contractual terms, volume-based metrics, and/or historical trends, and require management judgment with respect to estimating customer participation and performance levels. Sales taxes and other similar taxes are excluded from revenue. Costs associated with shipping and handling activities, such as merchandising, are included in SG&A expenses as revenue is recognized.

60

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

Cost of Sales

Cost of goods sold includes all costs to acquire and manufacture our products including raw materials, direct and indirect labor, manufacturing overhead, including depreciation expense, and all other costs incurred to bring the product to salable condition. All other costs incurred after this condition is met are considered selling costs and included in SG&A expenses.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Transportation and Warehousing Costs

We incurred $1,910 million, $1,783 million, and $1,746 million of transportation and warehousing costs during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. These amounts, which primarily relate to shipping and handling costs, are recorded in SG&A expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

Advertising and Marketing Expense

Advertising and marketing production costs related to television, print, radio, and other marketing investments are expensed as of the first date the advertisement takes place. All other advertising and marketing costs are expensed as incurred. Advertising and marketing expenses were approximately $657 million, $640 million, and $537 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Advertising and marketing expenses are recorded in SG&A expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Prepaid advertising and marketing costs are recorded as Other current and Other non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Research and Development Costs

Research and development costs are expensed when incurred and amounted to $70 million, $66 million, and $65 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. These expenses are recorded primarily in SG&A expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income.

Stock-Based Compensation Expense

Stock-based compensation expense is recognized within SG&A expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income related to the fair value of employee stock-based awards, ratably over the vesting period, and only for awards expected to vest. Estimated forfeiture rates are based on historical data and are periodically reassessed.

Compensation cost is based on the grant-date fair value. The fair value of RSUs is determined based on the number of units granted and the grant date price of common stock. The fair value of PSUs is estimated at the date of grant using a Monte-Carlo simulation.

Restructuring and Integration Costs

We implement restructuring programs from time to time and incur costs that are designed to improve operating effectiveness and lower costs. When these programs are implemented, we incur expenses, such as employee separations, lease terminations, and other direct exit costs, that qualify as exit and disposal costs under U.S. GAAP. Severance costs are recorded once they are both probable and estimable. Restructuring liabilities that qualify as exit and disposal costs under U.S. GAAP are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated financial statements.

We also incur expenses that are an integral component of, and directly attributable to, the restructuring activities, which do not qualify as exit and disposal costs, such as accelerated depreciation, asset impairments, IT implementation costs, and other incremental costs. We have recorded these costs within SG&A expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Income, and these costs are held within unallocated corporate costs.

61

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

Foreign Currency Translation and Transaction

We translate assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries from their respective functional currencies to U.S. dollars at the appropriate spot rates as of the balance sheet date. The functional currency of our operations outside the U.S. is generally the local currency of the country where the operations are located, or U.S. dollars. The results of operations are translated into U.S. dollars at a monthly average rate, calculated using daily exchange rates. 

Differences arising from the translation of opening balance sheets of these entities to the rate at the end of the financial year are recognized in AOCI. The differences arising from the translation of foreign results at the average rate are also recognized in AOCI. Such translation differences are recognized as income or expense in the period in which we dispose of the operations.

Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the approximate rate of exchange at the transaction date. Assets and liabilities resulting from these transactions are translated at the rate of exchange in effect at the balance sheet date. Such differences are recorded in Cost of sales or Other (income) expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income, depending on the nature of the underlying transaction.

Earnings per Share

Basic EPS is computed by dividing Net income by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS reflects the assumed conversion of all dilutive securities determined through the treasury stock method.

Repurchases of Common Stock

Shares repurchased under authorized share repurchase programs are retired, and the excess purchase price over the par value is recorded to additional paid-in capital.

The IRA imposes a 1% excise tax on net share repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. The tax associated with shares repurchased is recorded to additional paid-in capital. Cash paid related to the excise tax on net share repurchases is included in the Repurchases of common stock line in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.

RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures. The objective of ASU 2023-09 is to enhance disclosures related to income taxes, including specific thresholds for inclusion within the tabular disclosure of income tax rate reconciliation and specified information about income taxes paid. ASU 2023-09 is effective for public companies starting in annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. We are currently evaluating ASU 2023-09 but expect the impact of the disclosures to be immaterial to KDP’s consolidated financial statements.

In February 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40). The objective of ASU 2024-03 is to require entities to provide enhanced disclosures of income statement expenses through disaggregation of specific expense captions. ASU 2024-03 is effective for public companies starting in annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026 and in interim periods beginning after December 15, 2027. We are currently evaluating ASU 2024-03 and the impact of the disclosures to KDP’s consolidated financial statements.

RECENTLY ADOPTED PROVISIONS OF U.S. GAAP

As of January 1, 2024 we adopted ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures. The objective of ASU 2023-07 is to require entities to provide enhanced disclosures on significant segment expenses. ASU 2023-07 is effective for public companies in annual periods beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Refer to Note 8 for additional information on our segment related disclosures.

62

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

3\. Long-term Obligations and Borrowing Arrangements 

The following table summarizes our long-term obligations:

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023  
Notes| $| 12,948 | | | $| 11,095 |   
Term loan| 990 | | | — |   
Less: current portion of long-term obligations| (1,026)| | | (1,150)|   
Long-term obligations| $| 12,912 | | | $| 9,945 |   

The following table summarizes our short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term obligations:

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023  
Commercial paper notes| $| 1,616 | | | $| 2,096 |   
Current portion of long-term obligations:| | |   
Notes| 1,026 | | | 1,150 |   
| | |   
Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term obligations| $| 2,642 | | | $| 3,246 |   

63

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

SENIOR UNSECURED NOTES

Our Notes consisted of the following:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
(in millions)| | | | | | December 31,  
Issuance| | Maturity Date| | Rate| | 2024| 2023  
| | | | | | | |   
2024 Notes| | March 15, 2024| | 0.750%| | $| — | | | $| 1,150 |   
2025 Merger Notes| | May 25, 2025| | 4.417%| | 529 | | | 529 |   
2025 Notes| | November 15, 2025| | 3.400%| | 500 | | | 500 |   
2026 Notes| | September 15, 2026| | 2.550%| | 400 | | | 400 |   
2027-B Notes| | March 15, 2027| | Floating(2)| | 350 | | | — |   
2027-C Notes| | March 15, 2027| | 5.100%| | 750 | | | — |   
2027 Notes| | June 15, 2027| | 3.430%| | 500 | | | 500 |   
2028 Merger Notes| | May 25, 2028| | 4.597%| | 1,112 | | | 1,112 |   
2029-B Notes| | March 15, 2029| | 5.050%| | 750 | | | — |   
2029 Notes| | April 15, 2029| | 3.950%| | 1,000 | | | 1,000 |   
2030 Notes| | May 1, 2030| | 3.200%| | 750 | | | 750 |   
2031 Notes| | March 15, 2031| | 2.250%| | 500 | | | 500 |   
2031-B Notes| | March 15, 2031| | 5.200%| | 500 | | | — |   
2032 Notes| | April 15, 2032| | 4.050%| | 850 | | | 850 |   
2034 Notes| | March 15, 2034| | 5.300%| | 650 | | | — |   
2038 Merger Notes| | May 25, 2038| | 4.985%| | 211 | | | 211 |   
2045 Notes| | November 15, 2045| | 4.500%| | 550 | | | 550 |   
2046 Notes| | December 15, 2046| | 4.420%| | 400 | | | 400 |   
2048 Merger Notes| | May 25, 2048| | 5.085%| | 391 | | | 391 |   
2050 Notes| | May 1, 2050| | 3.800%| | 750 | | | 750 |   
2051 Notes| | March 15, 2051| | 3.350%| | 500 | | | 500 |   
2052 Notes| | April 15, 2052| | 4.500%| | 1,150 | | | 1,150 |   
Principal amount| | | | | | 13,093 | | | 11,243 |   
Adjustment from principal amount to carrying amount(1)| | (145)| | | (148)|   
Carrying amount| | | | | | $| 12,948 | | | $| 11,095 |   

(1)The carrying amount includes unamortized discounts, debt issuance costs and fair value adjustments related to the DPS Merger.

(2)The 2027-B Notes bear interest at a rate equal to Compounded SOFR (as defined in the respective supplemental indenture) plus 0.88% per annum, and the rate is reassessed quarterly.

On March 7, 2024, we completed the issuance of the 2027-B Notes, the 2027-C Notes, the 2029-B Notes, the 2031-B Notes, and the 2034 Notes, with an aggregate principal amount of $3 billion. The discount associated with these notes was approximately $5 million, and we incurred $16 million in debt issuance costs. The proceeds from the issuance were used for our share repurchase program, to repay outstanding commercial paper, and to repay the 2024 Notes at maturity, with the remainder intended for general corporate purposes.

Notes, among other things, contain customary default provisions and limit our ability to incur indebtedness secured by principal properties, to enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions, and to enter into certain mergers or transfers of substantially all of KDP‘s assets. The Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by certain of our direct and indirect subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2024, we were in compliance with all financial covenant requirements of the Notes. 

64

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

VARIABLE-RATE BORROWING ARRANGEMENTS

Term Loan Agreement

On October 25, 2024, we entered into the Term Loan Agreement among KDP, as borrower, the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. The deferred financing fees incurred in connection with the Term Loan Agreement were insignificant.

The Term Loan Agreement provides for a delayed draw term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.25 billion, available in a first tranche of up to $1 billion and second tranche of up to $250 million. The proceeds of the Term Loan Agreement may be used by KDP for general corporate purposes, including to finance acquisitions (including the payment of any fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith). Borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement are unsecured. Borrowings under the first tranche and second tranche must be repaid on April 25, 2026, and February 23, 2027, respectively, but may be repaid earlier without penalty. On December 31, 2024, we drew $990 million on the first tranche of the Term Loan Agreement, and the remaining capacity of the first tranche was forfeited. As of December 31, 2024, the second tranche of up to $250 million remains available.

The interest rate applicable to borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement ranges from (i) a rate equal to SOFR plus a spread adjustment of 0.100% and a margin of 0.875% to 1.500% to (ii) a rate equal to a base rate plus a margin of 0.000% to 0.500%, in each case depending on our credit rating as determined by Moody’s and S&P. The Term Loan Agreement also contains (i) certain customary affirmative covenants, including those that impose certain reporting and/or performance obligations on KDP and its subsidiaries, (ii) certain customary negative covenants that generally limit, subject to various exceptions, KDP and its subsidiaries from taking certain actions, including, without limitation, incurring liens, consummating certain fundamental changes, and entering into transactions with affiliates, (iii) a financial covenant in the form of a minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.25 to 1.00, and (iv) customary events of default (including a change of control) for financings of this type. As of December 31, 2024, we were in compliance with our minimum interest coverage ratio relating to the Term Loan Agreement.

Revolving Credit Agreement

On February 23, 2022, we entered into the Revolving Credit Agreement among KDP, as borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase, Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. We incurred approximately $4 million in deferred financing fees related to the issuance.

The following table summarizes information about the Revolving Credit Agreement:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
(in millions)| | | | December 31, 2024| | December 31, 2023  
Issuance| | Maturity Date| | Capacity| | Carrying Value| | Carrying Value  
Revolving Credit Agreement(1)| | February 23, 2027| | $| 4,000 | | | $| — | | | $| — |   
| | | | | | | |   
| | | | | | | |   

(1)The Revolving Credit Agreement has $200 million letters of credit available, none of which were utilized as of December 31, 2024.

Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Agreement will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at KDP's option, an adjusted SOFR rate plus a margin of 0.875% to 1.500% or a base rate plus a margin of 0.000% to 0.500%, in each case, depending on the rating of certain index debt of KDP. The Revolving Credit Agreement contains customary representations and warranties for investment grade financings. The Revolving Credit Agreement also contains (i) certain customary affirmative covenants, including those that impose certain reporting and/or performance obligations on KDP and its subsidiaries, (ii) certain customary negative covenants that generally limit, subject to various exceptions, KDP and its subsidiaries from taking certain actions, including, without limitation, incurring liens, consummating certain fundamental changes and entering into transactions with affiliates, (iii) a financial covenant in the form of a minimum interest coverage ratio of 3.25 to 1.00, and (iv) customary events of default (including a change of control) for financings of this type. As of December 31, 2024, we were in compliance with our minimum interest coverage ratio relating to the Revolving Credit Agreement.

65

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

Commercial Paper Program

KDP has a commercial paper program, under which we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes on a private placement basis. Effective November 10, 2023, the maximum aggregate amount available under the facility was increased to $4,000 million. The maturities of the commercial paper notes vary, but commercial paper notes are classified as short-term, as maturities do not exceed one year. We issue commercial paper notes as needed for general corporate purposes. Outstanding commercial paper notes rank equally with all of the commercial paper notes' existing and future unsecured borrowings.

The following table provides information about our weighted average borrowings under our commercial paper program: 

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions, except %)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Weighted average commercial paper borrowings| $| 2,270 | | | $| 1,267 | | | $| 40 |   
Weighted average borrowing rates| 5.42 | %| | 5.41 | %| | 2.36 | %  

Letters of Credit Facility

In addition to the portion of the Revolving Credit Agreement reserved for issuance of letters of credit, we have an incremental letter of credit facility. Under this facility, $150 million is available for the issuance of letters of credit, $74 million of which was utilized as of December 31, 2024 and $76 million of which remains available for use.

FAIR VALUE DISCLOSURES

The fair value of our commercial paper approximates the carrying value and is considered Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy.

The fair values of our Notes are based on current market rates available to us and are considered Level 2 within the fair value hierarchy. The difference between the fair value and the carrying value represents the theoretical net premium or discount that would be paid or received to retire all the Notes and related unamortized costs to be incurred at such date. The fair value of our Notes was $12,036 million and $10,486 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

4\. Acquisitions

GHOST TRANSACTIONS

On October 23, 2024, we entered into a definitive agreement with GHOST, and certain other parties named therein, to acquire a controlling interest in GHOST. Founded in 2016, GHOST is a lifestyle sports nutrition business with a portfolio anchored by GHOST Energy, a leading ready-to-drink energy brand. 

Under the terms of the agreement, we initially purchased a 60% stake in GHOST for aggregate consideration of $999 million, which included customary adjustments. We also entered into an agreement which requires us to purchase the remaining equity interests in GHOST in 2028.

Separately from the above transaction, we also executed an agreement with GHOST and ABI which terminates the distribution rights for certain GHOST products by ABI, effective March 3, 2025, for a termination payment to ABI of $225 million. At that time, we will assume the distribution of such products. The termination payment was accrued as of December 31, 2024, with the corresponding expense included within Other operating expense (income), net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

66

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

Under the acquisition method of accounting, total consideration was as follows:

| | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
(in millions)| | Total Consideration  
Initial payment to acquire 60% of GHOST| | $| 999 |   
Fair value of mandatory redemption liability for the remainder of the business on December 31, 2024(1)| | 689 |   
Total consideration| | $| 1,688 |   

(1)The fair value of our mandatory redemption liability is estimated using the Monte Carlo simulation method which includes forecasted EBITDA expectations, adjusting for market risks and volatility, calculating redemption prices, discounting to present terms with the cost of debt, and averaging results across scenarios to determine fair value, incorporating the market price of risk and volatility estimates from similar companies.

The initial payment of $999 million was funded primarily by proceeds drawn from the Term Loan Agreement. Refer to Note 3 for additional information.

Allocation of Consideration 

Our preliminary allocation of consideration to the net tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the GHOST Transactions is based on estimated fair values as of December 31, 2024. The following is a summary of the preliminary allocation of consideration to the estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the GHOST Transactions as of December 31, 2024:

| | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
(in millions)| Fair Value| |   
Brand| $| 1,146 | | |   
Assets acquired, net of liabilities assumed| 82 | | |   
Customer relationships| 23 | | |   
Goodwill| 437 | | |   
Total consideration| 1,688 | | |   
Less: Holdback placed in escrow(1)| (90)| | |   
Acquisition of business| $| 1,598 | | |   

(1)Amount includes both the current and non-current portion of the holdback liability. Refer to Note 17 for additional information.

The GHOST Transactions preliminarily resulted in $437 million of goodwill. The goodwill to be recognized is attributable to revenue synergies, driven by a strong portfolio of brands with exposure to higher growth segments and the ability to leverage our collective distribution strength, as well as operational and general and administrative cost synergies. The goodwill created in the GHOST Transactions is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. All of the goodwill is included in our U.S. Refreshment Beverages segment.

We have not presented estimated unaudited pro forma results of operations for the GHOST Transactions or the actual results of GHOST because it is not material to our consolidated financial statements.

67

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

OTHER IMMATERIAL ACQUISITIONS

Kalil Acquisition

On May 30, 2024, we entered into an agreement with Kalil, under which we agreed to acquire all of Kalil’s production, sales, and distribution assets for total consideration of $103 million, subject to certain adjustments outlined in the agreement. Kalil is an independent bottler with bottling and distribution rights in Arizona to key KDP brands, including Canada Dry, 7UP, A&W, Snapple, and Core Hydration. On August 9, 2024, we completed the Kalil Acquisition, and approximately $8 million of cash was held back and placed in escrow. 

Our preliminary allocation of consideration exchanged to the net tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Kalil Acquisition is based on estimated fair values as of August 9, 2024, and the consideration was primarily allocated to property, plant, and equipment and other intangible assets.

Other

We spent $6 million in connection with an immaterial acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2024.

5\. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

GOODWILL

Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by reportable segment are as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
(in millions)| U.S. Refreshment Beverages| | U.S. Coffee| | International| | Total  
Balance as of December 31, 2022| $| 8,714 | | | $| 8,622 | | | $| 2,736 | | | $| 20,072 |   
Foreign currency translation| — | | | — | | | 130 | | | 130 |   
| | | | | | |   
Balance as of December 31, 2023| 8,714 | | | 8,622 | | | 2,866 | | | 20,202 |   
Acquisitions(1)| 447 | | | — | | | — | | | 447 |   
Impairment(2)| (306)| | | — | | | — | | | (306)|   
Foreign currency translation| — | | | — | | | (290)| | | (290)|   
Balance as of December 31, 2024(3)| $| 8,855 | | | $| 8,622 | | | $| 2,576 | | | $| 20,053 |   

(1)Acquisition activity during the year ended December 31, 2024 represents goodwill recorded as a result of the 2024 acquisitions. Refer to Note 4 for additional information.

(2)Impairment activity during the year ended December 31, 2024 represents impairment of our U.S. WD reporting unit. Refer to Impairment Analysis - 2024 Impairment Analysis below for further information.

(3)As of December 31, 2024, goodwill for the U.S. Refreshment Beverages segment is inclusive of accumulated impairment losses of $306 million. There were no accumulated impairment losses for goodwill as of December 31, 2023 or 2022.

68

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

INTANGIBLE ASSETS OTHER THAN GOODWILL

The net carrying amounts of intangible assets other than goodwill are as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| December 31, 2024| | December 31, 2023  
(in millions)|  Gross Amount| | Accumulated Amortization| | Net Amount| |  Gross Amount| | Accumulated Amortization| | Net Amount  
Intangible assets with definite lives:| | | | | | | | | | |   
Acquired technology| $| 1,146 | | | $| (621)| | | $| 525 | | | $| 1,146 | | | $| (548)| | | $| 598 |   
Customer relationships| 666 | | | (270)| | | 396 | | | 638 | | | (236)| | | 402 |   
Contractual arrangements| 144 | | | (21)| | | 123 | | | 146 | | | (13)| | | 133 |   
Trade names| 126 | | | (124)| | | 2 | | | 126 | | | (114)| | | 12 |   
Brands| 51 | | | (32)| | | 19 | | | 51 | | | (25)| | | 26 |   
Distribution rights| 66 | | | (23)| | | 43 | | | 29 | | | (22)| | | 7 |   
Total intangible assets with definite lives| $| 2,199 | | | $| (1,091)| | | $| 1,108 | | | $| 2,136 | | | $| (958)| | | $| 1,178 |   
| | | | | | | | | | |   
Intangible assets with indefinite lives:| | | | | | | | | | |   
Brands(1)| | | | | $| 19,848 | | | | | | | $| 19,476 |   
Trade names| | | | | 2,478 | | | | | | | 2,478 |   
| | | | | | | | | | |   
Distribution rights(2)| | | | | 200 | | | | | | | 155 |   
Total intangible assets with indefinite lives| | | | | 22,526 | | | | | | | 22,109 |   
Other intangible assets, net| | | | | $| 23,634 | | | | | | | $| 23,287 |   

(1)The change in brands with indefinite lives was driven by the acquisition of the GHOST brand in the amount of $1,146 million, which was partially offset by non-cash impairment charges of $412 million and unfavorable foreign currency translation impacts of $362 million during the year ended December 31, 2024. Refer to Impairment Analysis - 2024 Impairment Analysis below for further information.

(2)The increase in distribution rights with indefinite lives during the year ended December 31, 2024 was primarily driven by acquired distribution rights related to Electrolit of $49 million.

Amortization expense for intangible assets with definite lives was as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended December 31,   
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Amortization expense| $| 133 | | | $| 137 | | | $| 138 |   

Amortization expense of these intangible assets is expected to be as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Years Ending December 31,  
(in millions)| 2025| | 2026| | 2027| | 2028| | 2029  
Expected amortization expense| $| 127 | | | $| 123 | | | $| 107 | | | $| 99 | | | $| 96 |   

69

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS IMPAIRMENT

2024 Impairment Analysis

For the year ended December 31, 2024, we performed a Step 0 analysis for certain indefinite lived intangible assets, including trade names and distribution rights, and did not identify any indicators of impairment. For goodwill and indefinite-lived brands, we performed a Step 1 analysis. As a result, non-cash impairment charges of $412 million were recorded specific to certain brands in the U.S. Refreshment Beverages segment, and a non-cash impairment charge of $306 million was recorded to goodwill related to the U.S. Warehouse Direct reporting unit in the U.S. Refreshment Beverages segment. The primary factors that led to the brand impairment determination as of October 1, 2024, primarily led by Snapple, were a downward outlook for operating cash flows in our strategic plan, which led to a reduction in the long-term growth rate. The primary factors that led to the goodwill impairment determination as of October 1, 2024, driven by our U.S. Warehouse Direct reporting unit, were headwinds experienced by certain brands in our still portfolio, including a downward outlook for operating cash flows in our strategic plan, which led to a reduction in the long-term growth rate.

2023 Impairment Analysis

For the year ended December 31, 2023, we performed a Step 1 analysis on all goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. No impairments were recorded as a result of these analyses.

2022 Impairment Analysis

In the third quarter of 2022, management identified specific performance and margin challenges for the Bai brand and performed a Step 1 quantitative discounted cash flow analysis using the income approach. As a result of this analysis, we recorded an impairment charge of $311 million in the U.S. Refreshment Beverages segment.

During our annual impairment analysis, we performed a Step 0 analysis for certain indefinite lived intangible assets, including trade names, contractual arrangements, and distribution rights, and did not identify any indicators of impairment. For goodwill and the primary indefinite-lived brands, we performed a Step 1 analysis which resulted in non-cash impairment charges of $161 million were recorded specific to certain brands during the year. The primary factors that led to the brand impairment determination as of October 1, 2022, driven primarily by Schweppes, were the change in the macroeconomic environment leading to increases in discount rates, as well as supply chain disruptions within third-party distribution networks.

Additional Impairment Considerations

The following table provides the range of rates considered to be significant inputs that were used in the annual impairment analyses as of October 1, 2024, 2023, and 2022:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Rate| | Minimum| | Maximum| | Minimum| | Maximum| | Minimum| | Maximum  
Discount rates| | 7.0 | %| | 9.5 | %| | 8.0 | %| | 13.5 | %| | 7.3 | %| | 10.3 | %  
Long-term growth rates| | — | %| | 3.5 | %| | — | %| | 4.0 | %| | — | %| | 3.8 | %  
Royalty rates(1)| | 1.0 | %| | 1.0 | %| | 1.0 | %| | 10.0 | %| | N/A| | N/A  

(1)Royalty rates were used in a Step 1 quantitative analysis of certain non-priority brands for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, and trade names for the year ended December 31, 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2022, royalty rates were not used, as we performed a Step 0 qualitative analysis for both trade names and certain non-priority brands.

70

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

The results of the impairment analyses of our indefinite lived brands as of October 1, 2024, 2023, and 2022 are as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Headroom Percentage| | Carrying Value| | Fair Value| | Carrying Value| | Fair Value| | Carrying Value| | Fair Value  
Brands| | | | | | | | | | | |   
0%(1)| | $| 280 | | | $| 280 | | | $| — | | | $| — | | | $| 2,136 | | | $| 2,136 |   
Less than 25%| | 2,580 | | | 2,900 | | | 2,274 | | | 2,493 | | | 2,186 | | | 2,547 |   
26 - 50%| | 1,488 | | | 2,160 | | | 2,339 | | | 3,018 | | | — | | | — |   
In excess of 50%| | 14,481 | | | 34,490 | | | 14,767 | | | 29,002 | | | 14,848 | | | 28,942 |   
| | | | | | | | | | | |   
| | | | | | | | | | | |   

(1)Carrying value reflects the results of the annual impairment analysis recognized during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2022.

6\. Derivatives 

INTEREST RATES

Economic Hedges

We are exposed to interest rate risk related to our borrowing arrangements and obligations. We enter into interest rate contracts to provide predictability in our overall cost structure and to manage the balance of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. We primarily enter into receive-fixed, pay-variable and receive-variable, pay-fixed swaps, and swaption contracts. A natural hedging relationship exists in which changes in the fair value of the instruments act as an economic offset to changes in the fair value of the underlying items. Changes in the fair value of these instruments are recorded in earnings throughout the term of the derivative instrument and are generally reported in Interest expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. As of December 31, 2024, economic interest rate derivative instruments have maturities ranging from May 2035 to July 2043.

Cash Flow Hedges

In April 2022, KDP terminated $1.5 billion of notional amount of its $2.5 billion forward starting swaps, which had been designated as cash flow hedges. Upon termination, KDP received $125 million to settle the contracts with the counterparties, which is amortized to Interest expense, net over the respective terms of the issued Notes.

On September 30, 2022, KDP de-designated $500 million of notional amount of the forward starting swaps. As the forecasted debt transaction was still probable to occur, the fair value of the these instruments as of the de-designation was recorded to AOCI. Changes in fair value of the these instruments from the point of de-designation were recorded as unrealized gains or losses in Interest expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income until the instruments were terminated in the third quarter of 2023, at which time the realized gains in excess of the fair value as of the date of de-designation were recorded in Interest expense, net. The fair value of the instruments as of the date of de-designation remained in AOCI until March 2024, when the forecasted debt transaction took place with the issuance of the 2034 Notes, and the fair value of the instruments began amortizing to Interest expense, net over the term of the 2034 Notes.

During the first quarter of 2023, KDP terminated the remaining forward starting swaps which were designated as cash flow hedges. As the forecasted debt transaction associated with the terminated forward starting swaps was no longer considered probable, the realized gains associated with the termination were recorded in Interest expense, net during the first quarter of 2023. 

FOREIGN EXCHANGE

We are exposed to foreign exchange risk in our foreign subsidiaries and with certain counterparties in foreign jurisdictions, which may transact in currencies that are different from the functional currencies of our legal entities. Additionally, the balance sheets of these subsidiaries are subject to exposure from movements in exchange rates. 

71

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

Economic Hedges

We hold FX forward contracts to economically manage the balance sheet exposures resulting from changes in the FX rates described above. The intent of these FX contracts is to minimize the impact of FX risk associated with balance sheet positions not in local currency. In these cases, a hedging relationship exists in which changes in the fair value of the instruments act as an economic offset to changes in the fair value of the underlying items. Changes in the fair value of these instruments are recorded in earnings throughout the term of the derivative instrument and are reported in the same caption of the Consolidated Statements of Income as the associated risk. As of December 31, 2024, these FX contracts have maturities ranging from January 2025 to September 2026. 

Cash Flow Hedges

We designate certain FX forward contracts as cash flow hedges in order to manage the exposures resulting from changes in the FX rates described above. These designated FX forward contracts relate to forecasted inventory purchases in U.S. dollars of our Canadian and Mexican businesses. The intent of these FX contracts is to provide predictability in our overall cost structure. As of December 31, 2024, these FX contracts have maturities ranging from January 2025 to December 2025.

COMMODITIES

Economic Hedges

We centrally manage the exposure to volatility in the prices of certain commodities used in our production process and transportation through various derivative contracts. We generally hold some combination of future, swap and option contracts that economically hedge certain risks. In these cases, a hedging relationship exists in which changes in the fair value of the instruments act as an economic offset to changes in the fair value of the underlying items or as an offset to certain costs of production. Changes in the fair value of these instruments are recorded in earnings throughout the term of the derivative instrument and are reported in the same line item of the Consolidated Statements of Income as the hedged transaction. Unrealized gains and losses are recognized as a component of unallocated corporate costs until our reportable segments are affected by the completion of the underlying transaction, at which time the gain or loss is reflected as a component of the respective segment's income from operations. As of December 31, 2024, these commodity contracts have maturities ranging from January 2025 to July 2026.

NOTIONAL AMOUNTS OF DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS

The following table presents the notional amounts of our outstanding derivative instruments by type:

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023  
Interest rate contracts| | |   
Forward starting swaps, not designated as hedging instruments| $| 1,700 | | | $| 1,700 |   
| | |   
| | |   
| | |   
Swaptions, not designated as hedging instruments| — | | | 3,200 |   
FX contracts| | |   
Forward contracts, not designated as hedging instruments| $| 490 | | | $| 710 |   
Forward contracts, designated as cash flow hedges| 486 | | | 425 |   
Commodity contracts, not designated as hedging instruments(1)| 515 | | | 500 |   

(1)Notional value for commodity contracts is calculated as the expected volume times strike price per unit on a gross basis.

72

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

FAIR VALUE OF DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS

The fair values of commodity contracts, interest rate contracts and FX forward contracts are determined based on inputs that are readily available in public markets or can be derived from information available in publicly quoted markets. The fair values of commodity contracts are valued using the market approach based on observable market transactions, primarily underlying commodities futures or physical index prices, at the reporting date. Interest rate contracts are valued using models based primarily on readily observable market parameters, such as SOFR forward rates, for all substantial terms of our contracts and credit risk of the counterparties. FX forward contracts are valued using quoted FX forward rates at the reporting date. Therefore, we have categorized these contracts as Level 2.

Not Designated as Hedging Instruments

The following table summarizes the location of the fair value of our derivative instruments which are not designated as hedging instruments within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. All such instruments are considered level 2 within the fair value hierarchy.

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | | | | December 31,  
(in millions)| | | Balance Sheet Location| | 2024| | 2023  
Assets:| | | | | | |   
| | | | | | |   
FX forward contracts| | | Prepaid expenses and other current assets| | $| 7 | | | $| 5 |   
Commodity contracts| | | Prepaid expenses and other current assets| | 32 | | | 9 |   
| | | | | | |   
FX forward contracts| | | Other non-current assets| | 4 | | | — |   
Commodity contracts| | | Other non-current assets| | 2 | | | 3 |   
| | | | | | |   
Liabilities:| | |  | |  | |   
Interest rate contracts| | | Other current liabilities| | $| 22 | | | $| 80 |   
FX forward contracts| | | Other current liabilities| | 4 | | | 3 |   
Commodity contracts| | | Other current liabilities| | 82 | | | 53 |   
Interest rate contracts| | | Other non-current liabilities| | 345 | | | 186 |   
FX forward contracts| | | Other non-current liabilities| | — | | | 4 |   
Commodity contracts| | | Other non-current liabilities| | 3 | | | 11 |   

Designated as Hedging Instruments

The following table summarizes the fair value hierarchy and the location of the fair value of our derivative instruments which are designated as hedging instruments within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. All such instruments are considered level 2 within the fair value hierarchy.

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | | | December 31,  
(in millions)| | Balance Sheet Location| | 2024| | 2023  
Assets:| | | | | |   
FX contracts| | Prepaid expenses and other current assets| | $| 41 | | | $| 1 |   
| | | | | |   
| | | | | |   
| | | | | |   
| | | | | |   
Liabilities:| | | | | |   
FX contracts| | Other current liabilities| | $| — | | | $| 14 |   
| | | | | |   
| | | | | |   
| | | | | |   
| | | | | |   

73

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

IMPACT OF DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS NOT DESIGNATED AS HEDGING INSTRUMENTS

The following table presents the amount of (gains) losses recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income related to derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments under U.S. GAAP during the periods presented. Amounts include both realized and unrealized gains and losses.

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | | | For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| | Income Statement Location| | 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Interest rate contracts| | Interest expense, net| | $| 63 | | | $| (26)| | | $| 231 |   
Interest rate contracts| | Loss on early extinguishment of debt| | — | | | — | | | 31 |   
FX forward contracts| | Cost of sales| | (6)| | | (2)| | | (7)|   
FX forward contracts| | Other (income) expense, net| | (10)| | | 5 | | | (9)|   
Commodity contracts| | Cost of sales| | 28 | | | 22 | | | 12 |   
Commodity contracts| | SG&A expenses| | 10 | | | 17 | | | (46)|   

IMPACT OF CASH FLOW HEDGES

The following table presents the amount of (gains) losses, net, reclassified from AOCI into the Consolidated Statements of Income related to derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedging instruments during the periods presented:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | | For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| Income Statement Location| | 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Interest rate contracts(1)| Interest expense, net| | $| (12)| | | $| (74)| | | $| (6)|   
FX contracts| Cost of sales| | (3)| | | — | | | 5 |   

(1)Amounts recognized during the year ended December 31, 2023 include the realized gains associated with the termination of forward starting swaps designated as cash flow hedges of approximately $66 million.

We expect to reclassify approximately $13 million and $38 million of pre-tax net gains from AOCI into net income during the next twelve months related to interest rate contracts and FX contracts, respectively.

7\. Leases 

The following table presents the components of lease cost:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Operating lease cost| $| 170 | | | $| 159 | | | $| 137 |   
Finance lease cost| | | | |   
Amortization of right-of-use assets| 95 | | | 81 | | | 76 |   
Interest on lease liabilities| 33 | | | 25 | | | 23 |   
Variable lease cost(1)| 37 | | | 39 | | | 35 |   
Short-term lease cost| 2 | | | 1 | | | 2 |   
Sublease income| (1)| | | — | | | — |   
Total lease cost| $| 336 | | | $| 305 | | | $| 273 |   

(1)Variable lease cost primarily consists of common area maintenance costs, property taxes, and adjustments for inflation.

74

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

The following table presents supplemental cash flow and other information about our leases:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:| | | | |   
Operating cash flows from operating leases| $| 161 | | | $| 149 | | | $| 125 |   
Operating cash flows from finance leases| 32 | | | 25 | | | 23 |   
Financing cash flows from finance leases| 115 | | | 95 | | | 90 |   
Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations:| | | | |   
Operating leases| $| 118 | | | $| 112 | | | $| 320 |   
Finance leases| 196 | | | 109 | | | 104 |   

The following table presents information about our weighted average discount rate and remaining lease term:

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| December 31,  
| 2024| | 2023  
Weighted average discount rate| | |   
Operating leases| 5.3 | %| | 5.3 | %  
Finance leases| 4.5 | %| | 3.9 | %  
Weighted average remaining lease term| | |   
Operating leases| 9 years| | 10 years  
Finance leases| 9 years| | 9 years  

SCHEDULE OF FUTURE MINIMUM LEASE PAYMENTS

Future minimum lease payments for non-cancellable leases that have commenced and are reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2024 were as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
(in millions)| Operating Leases| | Finance Leases  
2025| $| 158 | | | $| 158 |   
2026| 161 | | | 193 |   
2027| 136 | | | 102 |   
2028| 107 | | | 89 |   
2029| 100 | | | 82 |   
Thereafter| 494 | | | 339 |   
Total future minimum lease payments| 1,156 | | | 963 |   
Less: imputed interest| (238)| | | (161)|   
Present value of minimum lease payments| $| 918 | | | $| 802 |   

SIGNIFICANT LEASES THAT HAVE NOT YET COMMENCED

As of December 31, 2024, we have entered into leases that have not yet commenced with estimated aggregated future lease payments of approximately $148 million. These leases will commence between 2025 and 2027, with initial lease terms ranging from 1 year to 7 years.

75

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

ASSET SALE-LEASEBACK TRANSACTIONS

In 2022 and 2023, we entered into a number of asset sale-leaseback transactions with a single sponsor, the Veyron SPEs. Gains on the sale-leasebacks are recorded in Other operating expense (income), net, and the leasebacks are accounted for as operating leases. Gains on sale-leaseback transactions were as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Gain on sale| $| — | | | $| 6 | | | 82  

The initial term of each leaseback is 15 years, with two 10-year renewal options. The renewal options are not reasonably assured as (i) KDP’s position that the dynamic environment in which we operate precludes our ability to be reasonably certain of exercising the renewal options in the distant future and (ii) the options are contingent on KDP remaining investment grade and no change-in-control as of the end of the lease term. Each leaseback has an RVG. Refer to Note 19 for additional information about RVGs associated with asset sale-leaseback transactions.

8\. Segments

Effective January 1, 2023, we revised our segment structure to align with changes in how our CODM manages the business, assesses performance and allocates resources. The prior period segment disclosures reflect the revised presentation.

Our operating and reportable segments consist of the following:

•The U.S. Refreshment Beverages segment reflects sales in the U.S. from the manufacture and distribution of branded concentrates, syrup, and finished beverages, including the sales of our own brands and third-party brands, to third-party bottlers, distributors, and retailers.

•The U.S. Coffee segment reflects sales in the U.S. from the manufacture and distribution of finished goods relating to our K-Cup pods, single serve brewers and accessories, and other coffee products to partners, retailers, and directly to consumers through the Keurig.com website. 

•The International segment reflects sales in international markets, including the following:

◦Sales in Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean, and other international markets from the manufacture and distribution of branded concentrates, syrup, and finished beverages, including sales of our own brands and third-party brands, to third-party bottlers, distributors, and retailers.

◦Sales in Canada from the manufacture and distribution of finished goods relating to our single serve brewers, K-Cup pods, and other coffee products.

Segment results are based on management reports provided to the CODM, which is Tim Cofer, our CEO. Net sales and income from operations are the significant financial measures used to assess the operating performance of KDP's operating segments. The CODM periodically monitors our actual results and remaining forecast versus our annual budget for these financial measures, and this information is used to assess performance of the reportable segments, determine the payout of short-term incentive plan compensation, and to establish management’s base salaries. 

Intersegment sales are recorded at cost and are eliminated in the Consolidated Statements of Income. We have not provided disclosures of intersegment sales or total assets for each reportable segment, as our CODM does not review and is not provided with this information. “Other segment expense (income)” includes Other operating expense (income), net, as well as other financial statement captions for infrequent charges, such as impairment of goodwill or intangible assets, used to arrive at “Income from operations - reportable segments”. “Unallocated corporate costs” are excluded from our measurement of segment performance and include unrealized commodity derivative gains and losses and certain general corporate expenses.

76

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

Information about our operations and significant expenses by reportable segment is as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
(in millions)| U.S. Refreshment Beverages| | U.S. Coffee| | International| | Total  
For the Year Ended December 31, 2024| | | | | | |   
Net sales| $| 9,331 | | | $| 3,967 | | | $| 2,053 | | | $| 15,351 |   
Cost of sales| 3,608 | | | 2,210 | | | 996 | | |   
SG&A expenses| 2,904 | | | 684 | | | 521 | | |   
Other segment expense (income)(1)| 941 | | | (6)| | | (9)| | |   
Income from operations - reportable segments| $| 1,878 | | | $| 1,079 | | | $| 545 | | | $| 3,502 |   
Unallocated corporate costs| | | | | | | (911)|   
Income from operations| | | | | | | 2,591 |   
Interest expense, net| | | | | | | 735 |   
Impairment of investments and note receivable| | | | | | | 2 |   
Other (income) expense, net| | | | | | | (60)|   
Income before provision for income taxes| | | | | | | $| 1,914 |   

(1)During the year ended December 31, 2024, Other segment items within the U.S. Refreshment Beverages segment primarily consisted of non-cash impairment charges of $412 million recorded specific to certain indefinite-lived brand assets and $306 million recorded to the WD reporting unit goodwill. Refer to Note 5 for additional information about these non-cash impairment charges. Other segment items within the U.S. Refreshment Beverages segment also included the $225 million termination payment to ABI for distribution rights related to the GHOST Transactions. Refer to Note 4 for additional information.

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
(in millions)| U.S. Refreshment Beverages| | U.S. Coffee| | International| | Total  
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023| | | | | | |   
Net sales| $| 8,821 | | | $| 4,071 | | | $| 1,922 | | | $| 14,814 |   
Cost of sales| 3,536 | | | 2,228 | | | 979 | | |   
SG&A expenses| 2,810 | | | 691 | | | 476 | | |   
Other segment income| (8)| | | (6)| | | (8)| | |   
Income from operations - reportable segments| $| 2,483 | | | $| 1,158 | | | $| 475 | | | $| 4,116 |   
Unallocated corporate costs| | | | | | | (924)|   
Income from operations| | | | | | | $| 3,192 |   
Interest expense, net| | | | | | | 496 |   
Other (income) expense, net| | | | | | | (61)|   
Income before provision for income taxes| | | | | | | $| 2,757 |   

77

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
(in millions)| U.S. Refreshment Beverages| | U.S. Coffee| | International| | Total  
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022| | | | | | |   
Net sales| $| 8,083 | | | $| 4,302 | | | $| 1,672 | | | $| 14,057 |   
Cost of sales| 3,318 | | | 2,415 | | | 891 | | |   
SG&A expenses| 2,637 | | | 726 | | | 422 | | |   
Other segment expense (income)(1)| 167 | | | (54)| | | (14)| | |   
Income from operations - reportable segments| $| 1,961 | | | $| 1,215 | | | $| 373 | | | $| 3,549 |   
Unallocated corporate costs| | | | | | | (944)|   
Income from operations| | | | | | | $| 2,605 |   
Interest expense, net| | | | | | | 693 |   
Loss on early extinguishment of debt| | | | | | | 217 |   
Gain on sale of equity method investment| | | | | | | (50)|   
Impairment of investments and note receivable| | | | | | | 12 |   
Other (income) expense, net| | | | | | | 14 |   
Income before provision for income taxes| | | | | | | $| 1,719 |   

(1)During the year ended December 31, 2022, Other segment items under the U.S. Refreshment Beverages segment primarily consisted of noncash impairment charges of $472 million recorded specific to certain indefinite-lived brand assets. Refer to Note 5 for additional information. This was offset by a $271 million gain on litigation settlement. Other segment items under the U.S. Coffee segment primarily consisted of a $30 million gain on sale related to asset sale-leaseback transaction.

GEOGRAPHIC DATA

The following tables present information about our operations by geographic region:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Net sales| | | | |   
U.S.| $| 13,368 | | | $| 12,961 | | | $| 12,454 |   
Foreign| 1,983 | | | 1,853 | | | 1,603 |   
Net sales| $| 15,351 | | | $| 14,814 | | | $| 14,057 |   

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023  
Property, plant, and equipment, net| | |   
U.S.| $| 2,450 | | | $| 2,247 |   
Foreign| 514 | | | 452 |   
Total property, plant, and equipment, net| $| 2,964 | | | $| 2,699 |   

78

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

MAJOR CUSTOMER

Walmart is considered a major customer, accounting for more than 10% of our total net sales, and is represented in all three of our reportable segments. The following table provides our net sales to Walmart: 

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Net sales| | | | |   
Walmart| $| 2,514 | | | $| 2,476 | | | $| 2,184 |   

Additionally, customers in our U.S. Refreshment Beverages and International segments buy concentrate from KDP, which is used in finished goods sold by our third party bottlers to Walmart. These indirect sales further increase the concentration of risk associated with our consolidated net sales as it relates to Walmart.

9\. Revenue Recognition

The following table disaggregates our revenue by portfolio:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
(in millions)| U.S. Refreshment Beverages| | U.S. Coffee| | International| | Total  
For the Year Ended December 31, 2024| | | | | |   
LRB| $| 9,196 | | | $| 38 | | | $| 1,332 | | | $| 10,566 |   
K-Cup pods| — | | | 3,112 | | | 502 | | | 3,614 |   
Appliances| — | | | 694 | | | 78 | | | 772 |   
Other| 135 | | | 123 | | | 141 | | | 399 |   
Net sales| $| 9,331 | | | $| 3,967 | | | $| 2,053 | | | $| 15,351 |   
| | | | | | |   
For the Year Ended December 31, 2023| | | | | |   
LRB| $| 8,675 | | | $| — | | | $| 1,230 | | | $| 9,905 |   
K-Cup pods| — | | | 3,207 | | | 477 | | | 3,684 |   
Appliances| — | | | 725 | | | 74 | | | 799 |   
Other| 146 | | | 139 | | | 141 | | | 426 |   
Net sales| $| 8,821 | | | $| 4,071 | | | $| 1,922 | | | $| 14,814 |   
| | | | | | |   
For the Year Ended December 31, 2022| | | | | |   
LRB| $| 7,951 | | | $| — | | | $| 987 | | | $| 8,938 |   
K-Cup pods| — | | | 3,328 | | | 444 | | | 3,772 |   
Appliances| — | | | 837 | | | 86 | | | 923 |   
Other| 132 | | | 137 | | | 155 | | | 424 |   
Net sales| $| 8,083 | | | $| 4,302 | | | $| 1,672 | | | $| 14,057 |   

LRB represents net sales of owned and partner brands within our portfolio and includes branded concentrates, syrup, and finished beverages, including contract manufacturing of KDP branded products for our bottlers and distributors. K-Cup pods represents net sales from owned brands, partner brands, and private label owners. Net sales for partner brands and private label owners are contractual and long-term in nature.

79

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

10\. Earnings Per Share

The following table presents our basic and diluted EPS and shares outstanding:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions, except per share data)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Net income| $| 1,441 | | | $| 2,181 | | | $| 1,436 |   
| | | | |   
Weighted average common shares outstanding| 1,362.2 | | | 1,399.3 | | | 1,416.8 |   
Dilutive effect of stock-based awards| 6.1 | | | 9.1 | | | 11.7 |   
Weighted average common shares outstanding and common stock equivalents| 1,368.3 | | | 1,408.4 | | | 1,428.5 |   
| | | | |   
Basic EPS| $| 1.06 | | | $| 1.56 | | | $| 1.01 |   
Diluted EPS| 1.05 | | | 1.55 | | | 1.01 |   
| | | | |   
Anti-dilutive shares excluded from the diluted weighted average shares outstanding calculation| 0.8 | | | 1.0 | | | — |   

11\. Employee Benefit Plans 

DEFINED BENEFIT PENSION PLANS

Overview

We have several non-contributory defined benefit plans, each having a measurement date of December 31. To participate in the defined benefit plans, eligible employees must have been employed for at least one year. Employee benefit plan obligations and expenses included in the consolidated financial statements are determined using actuarial analyses based on plan assumptions including employee demographic data such as years of service and compensation, benefits and claims paid, and employer contributions, among others. We also participate in various multi-employer defined benefit plans.

One of our U.S. defined benefit pension plans, which is a cash balance plan, was suspended and the accrued benefit was frozen effective December 31, 2008. Participants in this plan no longer earn additional benefits for future services or salary increases. The cash balance plans maintain individual record-keeping accounts for each participant, which are annually credited with interest credits equal to the 12-month average of one-year U.S. Treasury Bill rates, plus 1%, with a required minimum rate of 5%.

80

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

Financial Statement Impact

The following table sets forth amounts recognized in our financial statements and the pension plans' funded status: 

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023  
Projected benefit obligations| | |   
Beginning balance| $| 169 | | | $| 159 |   
Service cost| 3 | | | 3 |   
Interest cost| 9 | | | 9 |   
Actuarial (gains) losses, net| (5)| | | 11 |   
Benefits paid| (5)| | | (5)|   
Impact of changes in FX rates| (4)| | | 2 |   
| | |   
Settlements| (8)| | | (10)|   
Ending balance| $| 159 | | | $| 169 |   
| | |   
Fair value of plan assets| | |   
Beginning balance| $| 134 | | | $| 126 |   
Actual return on plan assets| — | | | 11 |   
Employer contributions| 6 | | | 12 |   
Benefits paid| (5)| | | (5)|   
| | |   
Settlements| (8)| | | (10)|   
Ending balance| $| 127 | | | $| 134 |   
| | |   
Net liability recognized| $| (32)| | | $| (35)|   
| | |   
| | |   
Current liability| $| (1)| | | $| (2)|   
Non-current liability| (31)| | | (33)|   

The accumulated benefit obligations for all defined benefit pension plans were $156 million and $165 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The following table summarizes key pension plan information regarding plans whose accumulated benefit obligations exceed the fair value of their respective plan assets:

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023  
Aggregate projected benefit obligation| $| 159 | | | $| 169 |   
Aggregate accumulated benefit obligation| 156 | | | 165 |   
Aggregate fair value of plan assets| 127 | | | 134 |   

The following table summarizes the components of our net periodic benefit cost:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Service cost| $| 3 | | | $| 3 | | | $| 4 |   
Interest cost| 9 | | | 9 | | | 7 |   
Expected return on assets| (6)| | | (8)| | | (7)|   
| | | | |   
Settlements| 1 | | | 1 | | | (1)|   
Total net periodic benefit costs| $| 7 | | | $| 5 | | | $| 3 |   

81

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

We use the corridor approach for amortization of actuarial gains or losses. The corridor is calculated as 10% of the greater of the plans’ projected benefit obligation or assets. The amortization period for plans with active participants is the average future service of covered active employees, and the amortization period for plans with no active participants is the average future lifetime of plan participants. The estimated service costs or net actuarial losses for the defined benefit pension plans amortized from AOCI into periodic benefit cost in 2025 are expected to be insignificant.

The following table summarizes amounts included in AOCI for our defined benefit plans:

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023  
Net actuarial loss| $| 12 | | | $| 12 |   
Prior service cost| 2 | | | 3 |   
Total| $| 14 | | | $| 15 |   

Contributions and Expected Benefit Payments

The following table summarizes the contributions made to our defined benefit plans for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, as well as our projected contributions for the year ended December 31, 2025: 

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Projected| | For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| 2025| | 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Non-discretionary contributions| $| 7 | | | $| 6 | | | $| 12 | | | $| 3 |   

The following table summarizes the estimated future benefit payments for our defined benefit plans:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
(in millions)| 2025| | 2026| | 2027| | 2028| | 2029| | 2030-2034  
Estimated future benefit payments| $| 15 | | | $| 13 | | | $| 14 | | | $| 13 | | | $| 14 | | | $| 69 |   

Actuarial Assumptions

Our pension expense was calculated based upon a number of actuarial assumptions including discount rates, retirement age, mortality rates, compensation rate increases and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets for pension benefits.

The following information is provided for our U.S. defined benefit pension plans, as our foreign defined benefit pension plans are not material to our consolidated financial statements.

The discount rate that was utilized for determining our projected benefit obligations as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, as well as projected 2025 net periodic benefit cost, for U.S. plans was selected based upon an interest rate yield curve. The yield curve is constructed based on the yields of a large number of U.S. AA rated bonds as of December 31, 2024. The population of bonds utilized to calculate the discount rate includes those having an average yield between the 10th and 90th percentiles. Projected cash flows from the U.S. plans are then matched to spot rates along that yield curve in order to determine their present value and a single equivalent discount rate is calculated that produces the same present value as the spot rates.

Expected mortality is a key assumption in the measurement for pension benefit obligations. For our U.S. plans, we used the Pri-2012 mortality tables and the Mortality Improvement Scale MP-2021, published by the Society of Actuaries’ Retirement Plans Experience Committee, for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.

82

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

The following table summarizes the weighted-average actuarial assumptions used to determine benefit obligations at the plan measurement dates for U.S. plans: 

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| As of December 31,  
| 2024| | 2023  
Discount rate| 5.60 | %| | 5.10 | %  
Rate of increase in compensation levels| 3.00 | %| | 3.00 | %  

The following table summarizes the weighted-average actuarial assumptions used to determine the net periodic benefit costs for U.S. plans:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,  
| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Discount rate| 5.60 | %| | 5.10 | %| | 5.40 | %  
Rate of increase in compensation levels| 3.00 | %| | 3.00 | %| | 3.00 | %  
Expected long-term rate of return| 4.95 | %| | 4.75 | %| | 6.00 | %  

For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, the expected long-term rate of return on U.S. pension fund assets held by our pension trusts was determined based on several factors, including the impact of active portfolio management and projected long-term returns of broad equity and bond indices. The plans' historical returns were also considered.

Investment Policy and Strategy

We have established formal investment policies for the assets associated with our U.S. defined benefit pension plans. Our investment policy and strategy are mandated by our Investment Committee. The overriding investment objective is to provide for the availability of funds for pension obligations as they become due, to maintain an overall level of financial asset adequacy, and to maximize long-term investment return consistent with a reasonable level of risk. We actively manage the investments in our portfolio, with periodic review of investment performance both by investment manager and asset class, as well as review of overall market conditions and consideration of our long-term investment objectives. The equity and fixed income investments under our sponsored pension plan assets are currently well diversified. The plans' asset allocation policy is reviewed at least annually. Factors considered when determining the appropriate asset allocation include changes in plan liabilities, an evaluation of market conditions, tolerance for risk and cash requirements for benefit payments. 

As of December 31, 2023, we were in compliance with the investment policy for the U.S. defined benefit pension plans, which contained allowable ranges in asset mix of 5-15% for U.S. equity securities, 5-15% for international equity securities, and 70-90% for fixed income securities.

During the year ended December 31, 2024, we revised our investment policy for our U.S. defined benefit pension plans. As of December 31, 2024, we were in compliance with the investment policy, which allows for a varying asset allocation dependent on each plan’s funded status, as follows:

| | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
|   
| Target allocation| |   
Return-seeking(1)| 40-60%| |   
Liability-hedging(2)| 40-60%| |   

(1)Return-seeking assets generally consist of common collective trust funds comprised of equity securities, liquid alternatives, and fixed income securities.

(2)Liability-hedging assets consist of common collective trust funds comprised of a mix of fixed income securities and hedging instruments aimed to achieve a target interest rate.

83

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

FAIR VALUE OF THE PENSION ASSETS

Assets contributed by KDP to our pension plans become the property of the individual plans. Even though we no longer have control over these assets, we are indirectly impacted by subsequent fair value adjustments to these assets. The actual return on these assets impacts our future net periodic benefit cost, as well as amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As such, we use a variety of valuation techniques depending on the type of instrument in order to measure the fair value of assets held by our pension plans.

In conjunction with the revised investment policy discussed above, we implemented changes to the structure of assets held by our pension plans. With the exception of Cash and cash equivalents, all pension assets are comprised of common collective trust funds, which are valued using NAV as a practical expedient. Such assets have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The following table presents the total fair value of major categories of the pension plan assets for the year ended December 31, 2024:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
(in millions)| Level 1| | | | NAV| | Total  
Cash and cash equivalents| $| 23 | | | | | $| — | | | $| 23 | | |   
Investments measured at NAV(1)| — | | | | | 104 | | | 104 | | |   
Total fair value of plan assets| $| 23 | | | | | $| 104 | | | $| 127 | | |   

(1)Primarily consists of common collective trust funds, which are valued at NAV based on the fair value of the underlying investments.

The following table presents the total fair value of major categories of the pension plan assets for the year ended December 31, 2023:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
(in millions)| Level 1| | Level 2| | | | Total  
Cash and cash equivalents| $| 1 | | | $| — | | | | | $| 1 |   
U.S. equity securities(1)(2)| — | | | 14 | | | | | 14 |   
International equity securities(1)(2)| — | | | 6 | | | | | 6 |   
Fixed income securities(3)| — | | | 113 | | | | | 113 |   
Total fair value of plan assets| $| 1 | | | $| 133 | | | | | $| 134 |   

(1)Equity securities are comprised of actively managed U.S. and international index funds.

(2)The NAV is based on the fair value of the underlying assets owned by the equity index fund or fixed income investment vehicle per share, multiplied by the number of units held as of the measurement date.

(3)Fixed income securities are comprised of domestic and international corporate bonds and U.S. government securities. Investments are provided by the investment managers using a unit price or NAV based on the fair value of the underlying investments.

PRMB PLANS

We have several non-contributory defined benefit PRMB plans, each having a measurement date of December 31. The majority of these PRMB plans have been frozen. To participate in the defined benefit plans, eligible employees must have been employed by KDP for at least one year. The PRMB plans are limited to qualified expenses and are subject to deductibles, co-payment provisions, and other provisions. Our PRMB plans are not significant to the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.

MULTI-EMPLOYER PLANS

We participate in several multi-employer plans, which are trustee-managed multi-employer defined benefit pension plans for union-represented employees under certain collective bargaining agreements. The risks of participating in these multi-employer plans are different from single-employer plans, as assets contributed to the multi-employer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. Additionally, if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers.

Contributions paid into the multi-employer plans are expensed as incurred. Multi-employer plan expenses were $11 million, $6 million, and $5 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.

84

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

Individually Significant Multi-Employer Plan

We participate in one multi-employer plan, Central States, which is considered to be individually significant. The following table presents information about Central States as of December 31, 2024:

| | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Plan's employer identification number| 36-6044243  
Plan number| 001  
Expiration dates of collective bargaining agreements(1)| March 20, 2025 through May 3, 2027  
Financial Improvement Plan/Rehabilitation Plan status pending/implemented| Implemented  
Pension Protection Act zone status| Critical  
Surcharge imposed| Yes  

(1)Central States includes six collective bargaining agreements as of December 31, 2024. The largest agreement, which is set to expire February 28, 2027, covers approximately 61% of the employees included in Central States. Two of the collective bargaining agreements are set to expire during 2025, covering approximately 22% of the employees included in Central States. In January 2024, one union decertified, triggering a partial withdrawal liability. The impact was immaterial to our consolidated financial statements.

The most recent Pension Protection Act zone status available as of December 31, 2024 is for the plan's year-end as of December 31, 2023. Central States has not utilized any extended amortization provisions that affect the calculation of the zone status.

Our contributions to Central States did not exceed 5% of the total contributions made to Central States for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.

Future estimated contributions to Central States based on the number of covered employees and the terms of the collective bargaining agreements are as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
(in millions)| 2025| | 2026| | 2027| | 2028| | 2029  
Future estimated contributions to Central States| $| 2 | | | $| 2 | | | $| 2 | | | $| 2 | | | $| 2 |   

DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS

We sponsor various qualified defined contribution plans that cover U.S. and foreign based employees who meet certain eligibility requirements. The U.S. plans permit both pre-tax and after-tax contributions, which are subject to limitations imposed by IRS regulations. We make matching contributions and discretionary profit sharing contributions to these plans. We incurred contribution expense of $67 million, $64 million, and $61 million to the defined contribution plans for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively.

We also sponsor a non-qualified defined contribution plan for employees which is maintained in a rabbi trust and is not readily available to us. The fair value of the securities within this plan was $33 million and $32 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Refer to Note 17 for additional information on mark-to-market activity for the deferred defined compensation plan.

12\. Stock-Based Compensation

The components of stock-based compensation expense are presented below:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Total stock-based compensation expense(1)| $| 98 | | | $| 116 | | | $| 52 |   
Income tax benefit recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income| (16)| | | (19)| | | (7)|   
Stock-based compensation expense, net of tax| $| 82 | | | $| 97 | | | $| 45 |   

(1)Effective January 1, 2022, we changed our accounting policy election to record expense only for awards expected to vest. The cumulative effect of this change in accounting policy was recorded effective January 1, 2022, as the impact of forfeitures on stock-based compensation has historically been insignificant. We recorded a one-time $40 million reduction to stock-based compensation expense as a result of the change in forfeiture policy in the year ended December 31, 2022.

85

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

DESCRIPTION OF STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS

We previously adopted the 2009 Incentive Plan, under which employees and non-employee directors could be granted stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock awards, RSUs, and PSUs. Grants subsequent to the DPS Merger and prior to the adoption of the 2019 Incentive Plan were granted under the 2009 Incentive Plan. The 2019 Incentive Plan was adopted in 2019, expires in 2029, and contains substantially similar provisions to the 2009 Incentive Plan. Together, these incentive plans provide for the issuance of up to an aggregate of 27,425,720 shares of our common stock in stock-based compensation awards. 

RSUs generally vest on the following schedule:

| | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Period Granted| | Vesting Terms  
RSUs granted after the DPS Merger through 2019| | 5-year term with cliff-vesting at the end of the term  
RSUs granted in 2020 through 2024| | 5-year term with graded vesting as follows: 0% in year 1, 0% in year 2, 60% in year 3, 20% in year 4, 20% in year 5  

However, from time to time, we grant RSUs outside of the normal grant cycle which have different terms and vesting conditions. For all RSU grants, we recognize the expense ratably over the vesting period.

RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS

The table below summarizes RSU activity:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| RSUs| | Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value| | Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years)| | Aggregate Intrinsic Value (in millions)  
Balance as of December 31, 2023| 15,748,820 | | | $| 29.42 | | | 1.7| | $| 525 |   
Granted| 4,456,257 | | | 26.66 | | | | |   
Vested and released| (6,123,032)| | | 26.87 | | | | | 187 |   
Forfeited| (1,593,246)| | | 29.31 | | | | |   
Balance as of December 31, 2024| 12,488,799 | | | 29.70 | | | 2.0| | 401 |   

The weighted average grant date fair value for RSUs granted for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 was $26.66, $30.60, and $35.76, respectively. The aggregate fair value of the RSUs vested and released for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 was $165 million, $134 million, and $28 million, respectively. 

As of December 31, 2024, there was $170 million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs that is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 3.2 years.

PERFORMANCE SHARE UNITS

In 2020, the Compensation Committee of the Board approved a PSU grant. Each PSU is equivalent in value to one share of our common stock. The PSUs vested three years from the beginning date of a predetermined performance period, to the extent that the performance criteria is met during the performance period. The performance criteria includes a specified market condition which compares total shareholder return to that of certain indices. Additionally, the PSUs are required to be held by the grantee for one year after the awards have vested. The maximum payout percentage for all PSUs granted by KDP is 100%.

The PSUs are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model, which requires certain assumptions, including the risk-free interest rate, expected volatility, and the estimated dividend yield. The risk-free interest rate used in the Monte Carlo simulation model is based on zero-coupon yields implied by U.S. Treasury issues with remaining terms similar to the performance period on the PSUs. The performance period of the PSUs represents the period of time between the PSU grant date and the end of the performance period. Expected volatility is based on historical data of KDP and certain indices over the most recent time period equal to the performance period.

86

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

The table below summarizes PSU activity:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| PSUs| | Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value| | Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years)| | Aggregate Intrinsic Value (in millions)  
Balance as of December 31, 2023| 328,776 | | | $| 28.80 | | | 0.0| | $| 11 |   
Granted| — | | | — | | | | |   
Vested and released| (107,422)| | | 28.80 | | | | | 3 |   
Forfeited or expired| (221,354)| | | 28.80 | | | | |   
Balance as of December 31, 2024| — | | | — | | | 0.0| | — |   

As of December 31, 2024, there was no remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested PSUs.

STOCK OPTIONS

The table below summarizes stock option activity:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Stock Options| | Weighted Average Exercise Price| | Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years)| | Aggregate Intrinsic Value (in millions)  
Balance as of December 31, 2023| 37,452 | | | $| 14.76 | | | 3.2| | $| 1 |   
Granted| — | | | — | | | | |   
Exercised| (37,452)| | | 14.76 | | | | | 1 |   
Outstanding as of December 31, 2024| — | | | — | | | 0.0| | — |   
Exercisable as of December 31, 2024| — | | | — | | | 0.0| | — |   

13\. Investments

The following table summarizes our investments in unconsolidated affiliates:

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023  
Nutrabolt(1)| $| 1,097 | | | $| 960 |   
Chobani(2)| 313 | | | 307 |   
Tractor(3)| 56 | | | 44 |   
Athletic Brewing(4)| 47 | | | 50 |   
| | |   
| | |   
Beverage startup companies(5)| 5 | | | 5 |   
Other| 25 | | | 21 |   
Investments in unconsolidated affiliates| $| 1,543 | | | $| 1,387 |   

(1)KDP holds a 35.8% interest on an as-converted basis in Nutrabolt, consisting of 31.1% in Class A preferred shares acquired through our December 2022 investment, which are treated as in-substance common stock, and 4.7% in Class B common shares earned through the achievement of certain milestones included in the distribution agreement with Nutrabolt.

(2)KDP holds a 5.0% interest in Chobani.

(3)In May 2024, we modified our sales agent contract with Tractor. In exchange, we received additional equity interests, raising our total interest to 22.5% as of December 31, 2024.

(4)KDP holds an 11.6% interest in Athletic Brewing.

(5)Beverage startup companies represent equity method investments in development stage entities and may include entities which are pre-revenue, in test markets, or in early operations.

87

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

Chobani Investment

In August 2023, we invested $300 million in exchange for common shares in La Colombe that represented a 33.3% ownership interest. We additionally capitalized $7 million of incremental third-party costs into the investment balance.

In December 2023, La Colombe merged with a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chobani. Our investment in La Colombe was exchanged for common units in Chobani.

Nutrabolt Investment

Our interest in preferred units earns the greater of (i) a 5% annual coupon on the preferred equity units plus any accretion for amounts not yet paid or (ii) our share of Nutrabolt’s earnings as if our preferred equity was converted into common units. We recorded preferred dividends of $46 million, $44 million, and $3 million during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, which increased the investment balance for Nutrabolt.

14\. Income Taxes

Income before provision for income taxes was as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
U.S.| $| 696 | | | $| 1,665 | | | $| 789 |   
Foreign| 1,218 | | | 1,092 | | | 930 |   
Total| $| 1,914 | | | $| 2,757 | | | $| 1,719 |   

The provision for income taxes has the following components:| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Current:| | | | |   
Federal| $| 377 | | | $| 270 | | | $| 320 |   
State| 108 | | | 117 | | | 97 |   
Foreign| 242 | | | 193 | | | 156 |   
Total current provision| $| 727 | | | $| 580 | | | $| 573 |   
| | | | |   
Deferred:| | | | |   
Federal| $| (199)| | | $| 31 | | | $| (141)|   
State| (55)| | | 2 | | | (147)|   
Foreign| — | | | (37)| | | (1)|   
Total deferred provision| (254)| | | (4)| | | (289)|   
Total provision for income taxes| $| 473 | | | $| 576 | | | $| 284 |   

88

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

The following is a reconciliation of the provision for income taxes computed at the U.S. federal statutory tax rate to the provision for income taxes reported in the Consolidated Statements of Income:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Statutory federal income tax rate| 21.0 | %| | 21.0 | %| | 21.0 | %  
State income taxes, net| 2.1 | %| | 3.2 | %| | 2.6 | %  
Impact of foreign operations| (1.4)| %| | (1.7)| %| | (2.3)| %  
Tax credits| (6.2)| %| | (3.7)| %| | (3.9)| %  
Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets| 0.6 | %| | — | %| | — | %  
U.S. taxation of foreign earnings| 5.1 | %| | 3.0 | %| | 3.7 | %  
Goodwill impairment| 2.7 | %| | — | %| | — | %  
Deferred rate change| (0.4)| %| | (0.3)| %| | (5.2)| %  
Uncertain tax positions| — | %| | 0.1 | %| | 0.3 | %  
U.S. federal provision to return| 0.2 | %| | — | %| | (0.1)| %  
Excess tax deductions on stock-based compensation| (0.2)| %| | (0.3)| %| | (0.1)| %  
Other| 1.2 | %| | (0.4)| %| | 0.5 | %  
Total provision for income taxes| 24.7 | %| | 20.9 | %| | 16.5 | %  

Deferred tax assets and liabilities were comprised of the following:

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023  
Deferred tax assets:| | |   
Operating lease liability| $| 229 | | | $| 230 |   
Net operating losses carryforwards| 30 | | | 36 |   
Tax credit carryforwards| 10 | | | 10 |   
Accrued expenses| 154 | | | 145 |   
Research and development capitalization| 94 | | | 76 |   
Accrued termination fees| 56 | | | — |   
| | |   
| | |   
| | |   
| | |   
Other| 107 | | | 121 |   
Total deferred tax assets| 680 | | | 618 |   
Valuation allowances| (25)| | | (51)|   
Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances| $| 655 | | | $| 567 |   
Deferred tax liabilities:| | |   
Brands, trade names and other intangible assets| $| (5,486)| | | $| (5,720)|   
Property, plant, and equipment| (299)| | | (334)|   
Right of use assets| (224)| | | (226)|   
| | |   
| | |   
Other| (42)| | | (16)|   
Total deferred tax liabilities| (6,051)| | | (6,296)|   
Net deferred tax liabilities| $| (5,396)| | | $| (5,729)|   
| | |   

89

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

CARRYFORWARDS

As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had $30 million and $36 million, respectively, in tax-effected net operating loss carryforwards. Of the $30 million of net operating loss carryforwards as of December 31, 2024, $27 million will not expire, $1 million related to state income tax will begin to expire in 2027, and the remaining $2 million related to foreign income tax will begin to expire in the year 2035. 

As of both December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had $10 million of credit carryforwards. As of December 31, 2024, the $10 million of state tax credit carryforwards will begin to expire in the year 2027.

VALUATION ALLOWANCES

For the tax year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recognized a net decrease of $26 million in its valuation allowances, primarily due to net decreases in the deferred tax assets and related valuation allowances on certain equity method investments.

UNDISTRIBUTED FOREIGN EARNINGS

For the tax year ended December 31, 2024, undistributed earnings in foreign subsidiaries for which no deferred taxes have been provided totaled approximately $879 million. An actual repatriation from our foreign subsidiaries could still be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes. We have analyzed our global working capital and cash requirements and continue to be indefinitely reinvested in our undistributed earnings, except for amounts in excess of our working capital and cash requirements. We have recorded any potential withholding tax liabilities, if necessary, attributable to repatriation.

OTHER TAX MATTERS

We file income tax returns for U.S. federal purposes and in various state jurisdictions. We also file income tax returns in various foreign jurisdictions, principally Canada, Ireland, Mexico, and Singapore. The U.S. and most state income tax returns for years prior to 2019 are closed to examination by applicable tax authorities. Canadian and Mexican income tax returns are generally open for audit for tax years 2019 and forward, and Ireland income tax returns are open for audit for tax years 2020 and forward. 

We previously had a tax holiday in Singapore, which was effective through June 2024, whereby the local statutory rate is significantly reduced if certain conditions are met. The impact of the tax holiday increased net income by approximately $2 million, $4 million, and $6 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively, resulting in no impact to basic and diluted EPS for each of the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.

On August 16, 2022, the IRA was signed into law in the United States. The IRA added new tax provisions allowing certain taxpayers to elect to transfer an eligible credit to an unrelated transferee taxpayer where the transferee taxpayer is then able to use the transferred tax credit against its own taxable income for taxable years after December 31, 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, we executed agreements with eligible taxpayers to purchase federal tax credits of $260 million and $270 million, respectively, which will be used against KDP’s federal tax liability. The discounts negotiated for the transfer of eligible federal tax credits of $20 million and $16 million were recorded as an income tax benefit on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

90

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

UNRECOGNIZED TAX BENEFITS

The following is a reconciliation of the changes in the gross balance of unrecognized tax benefits:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Balance, beginning of the period| $| 13 | | | $| 15 | | | $| 12 |   
Increases related to tax positions taken during the current year| 2 | | | 3 | | | 4 |   
(Decreases) increases related to tax positions taken during the prior year| (1)| | | (2)| | | 3 |   
Decreases related to settlements with taxing authorities| — | | | — | | | (3)|   
Decreases related to lapse of applicable statute of limitations| (2)| | | (3)| | | (1)|   
Balance, end of the period| $| 12 | | | $| 13 | | | $| 15 |   

The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that would reduce the effective tax rate if recognized is $10 million after considering the federal impact of state income taxes. KDP does not expect a significant change to its unrecognized tax benefits, but it is reasonably possible that a change in the unrecognized tax benefits may occur within the next twelve months related to the settlement of audits or the lapse of applicable statutes of limitations.

KDP accrues interest and penalties on its uncertain tax positions as a component of its provision for income taxes. We recognized $1 million of expense related to interest and penalties for uncertain tax positions for each of the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 and no expense for the year ended December 31, 2022. We had a total of $3 million accrued for interest and penalties for our uncertain tax positions reported as part of other non-current liabilities as of both December 31, 2024 and 2023.

15\. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

The following table provides a summary of changes in AOCI, net of taxes:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
(in millions)| Foreign Currency Translation| | Pension and PRMB Liabilities| | Cash Flow Hedges| | Total  
Balance as of December 31, 2021| $| 81 | | | $| (4)| | | $| (103)| | | $| (26)|   
Other comprehensive (loss) income| (167)| | | (6)| | | 329 | | | 156 |   
Amounts reclassified from AOCI| — | | | — | | | (1)| | | (1)|   
Total other comprehensive (loss) income| (167)| | | (6)| | | 328 | | | 155 |   
Balance as of December 31, 2022| (86)| | | (10)| | | 225 | | | 129 |   
Other comprehensive income (loss)| 288 | | | (5)| | | (41)| | | 242 |   
Amounts reclassified from AOCI| — | | | 1 | | | (57)| | | (56)|   
Total other comprehensive income (loss)| 288 | | | (4)| | | (98)| | | 186 |   
Balance as of December 31, 2023| 202 | | | (14)| | | 127 | | | 315 |   
Other comprehensive (loss) income| (612)| | | (1)| | | 33 | | | (580)|   
Amounts reclassified from AOCI| — | | | 1 | | | (12)| | | (11)|   
Total other comprehensive (loss) income| (612)| | | — | | | 21 | | | (591)|   
Balance as of December 31, 2024| $| (410)| | | $| (14)| | | $| 148 | | | $| (276)|   

91

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

The following table presents the amount of (gains) losses reclassified from AOCI into the Consolidated Statements of Income:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | | For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| Income Statement Caption| | 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Pension and PRMB liabilities| SG&A expenses| | $| 2 | | | $| 1 | | | $| — |   
Income tax benefit| | | (1)| | | — | | | — |   
Total, net of tax| | | $| 1 | | | $| 1 | | | $| — |   
| | | | | | |   
Cash flow hedges:| | | | | | |   
Interest rate contracts(1)| Interest expense| | $| (12)| | | $| (74)| | | $| (6)|   
FX contracts| Cost of sales| | (3)| | | — | | | 5 |   
Total| | | (15)| | | (74)| | | (1)|   
Income tax expense (benefit)| | | 3 | | | 17 | | | — |   
Total, net of tax| | | $| (12)| | | $| (57)| | | $| (1)|   

(1)Amounts reclassified from AOCI into interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2023 include the realized gains associated with the termination of forward starting swaps designated as cash flow hedges of approximately $66 million. Refer to Note 6 for additional information on the terminated forward starting swaps.

16\. Property, Plant, and Equipment

Property, plant, and equipment, net consisted of the following: 

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023  
Land| $| 58 | | | $| 45 |   
Buildings and improvements| 825 | | | 744 |   
Machinery and equipment| 3,290 | | | 2,899 |   
Cold drink equipment| 142 | | | 118 |   
Software| 517 | | | 492 |   
Construction-in-progress| 384 | | | 365 |   
Property, plant, and equipment, gross| 5,216 | | | 4,663 |   
Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization| (2,252)| | | (1,964)|   
Property, plant, and equipment, net| $| 2,964 | | | $| 2,699 |   

The following table summarizes the location of depreciation expense within the Consolidated Statements of Income:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| | 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Cost of sales| | $| 234 | | | $| 231 | | | $| 229 |   
SG&A expenses| | 188 | | | 171 | | | 170 |   
Total depreciation expense| | $| 422 | | | $| 402 | | | $| 399 |   

92

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

17\. Other Financial Information 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

The carrying value of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents is valued as of the balance sheet date equating fair value and is classified as Level 1. The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents reported with the Consolidated Balance Sheets to the total of the same amounts shown in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows:

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023  
Cash and cash equivalents| $| 510 | | | $| 267 |   
Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents(1)| 80 | | | — |   
Non-current restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents(2)| 18 | | | — |   
Total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents| $| 608 | | | $| 267 |   

(1)Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents consists primarily of amounts held in escrow in connection with the acquisitions of GHOST and Kalil, and have a corresponding holdback liability recorded in Other current liabilities, as shown below. Refer to Note 4 for additional information. 

(2)Non-current restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents, reported within Non-current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, consists of amounts held in escrow in connection with the acquisition of GHOST, and has a corresponding holdback liability recorded in Other non-current liabilities. Refer to Note 4 for additional information.

93

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

SELECTED BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION

The following tables provide selected financial information from the Consolidated Balance Sheets:

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023  
Inventories:| | |   
Raw materials| $| 524 | | | $| 409 |   
Work-in-progress| 9 | | | 12 |   
Finished goods| 798 | | | 742 |   
Total| 1,331 | | | 1,163 |   
Allowance for excess and obsolete inventories| (32)| | | (21)|   
Total inventories| $| 1,299 | | | $| 1,142 |   
Prepaid expenses and other current assets:| | |   
Other receivables| $| 146 | | | $| 135 |   
Prepaid income taxes| 33 | | | 196 |   
Customer incentive programs| 18 | | | 24 |   
Derivative instruments| 80 | | | 15 |   
Prepaid marketing| 29 | | | 20 |   
Spare parts| 126 | | | 111 |   
Income tax receivable| 75 | | | 16 |   
Other| 99 | | | 81 |   
Total prepaid expenses and other current assets| $| 606 | | | $| 598 |   
Other non-current assets:|  | |   
Operating lease right-of-use assets| $| 880 | | | $| 876 |   
Customer incentive programs| 45 | | | 45 |   
Derivative instruments| 6 | | | 3 |   
Equity securities| 89 | | | 69 |   
| | |   
| | |   
Non-current restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents| 18 | | | — |   
| | |   
| | |   
Other| 162 | | | 156 |   
Total other non-current assets| $| 1,200 | | | $| 1,149 |   

Equity Securities

Fair values of equity securities are determined using quoted market prices from daily exchange traded markets, based on the closing price as of the balance sheet date, and are classified as Level 1. Unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses are recorded to Other (income) expense, net. The following table presents the amount of unrealized mark-to-market (gains) losses, net, on our equity securities recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income related to these securities during the periods presented.

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Unrealized mark-to-market (gains) losses| | | | |   
Vita Coco| $| (17)| | | $| (16)| | | $| 4 |   
Rabbi trust| (4)| | | (6)| | | 8 |   

94

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| December 31,  
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023  
Accrued expenses:| | |   
Accrued customer trade| $| 439 | | | $| 477 |   
Accrued compensation| 235 | | | 208 |   
Insurance reserve| 57 | | | 50 |   
Interest accrual| 107 | | | 72 |   
Accrued termination fees(1)| 225 | | | — |   
Accrued transferable tax credits| 130 | | | 152 |   
Other accrued expenses| 391 | | | 283 |   
Total accrued expenses| $| 1,584 | | | $| 1,242 |   
Other current liabilities:| | |   
Dividends payable| $| 312 | | | $| 299 |   
Income taxes payable| 67 | | | 29 |   
Operating lease liability| 128 | | | 114 |   
Finance lease liability| 125 | | | 106 |   
Derivative instruments| 108 | | | 150 |   
Holdback liability| 80 | | | — |   
Other| 15 | | | 16 |   
Total other current liabilities| $| 835 | | | $| 714 |   
Other non-current liabilities:| | |   
Operating lease liability| $| 790 | | | $| 793 |   
Finance lease liability| 677 | | | 620 |   
Mandatory redemption liability(2)| 689 | | | — |   
Pension and post-retirement liability| 31 | | | 35 |   
Insurance reserves| 95 | | | 85 |   
Derivative instruments| 348 | | | 201 |   
Deferred compensation liability| 33 | | | 32 |   
Holdback liability| 18 | | | — |   
Other| 72 | | | 67 |   
Total other non-current liabilities| $| 2,753 | | | $| 1,833 |   

(1)In connection with the GHOST Transactions, we executed an agreement which terminates the distribution rights for certain GHOST products by ABI, effective March 3, 2025, for a termination fee of $225 million. Refer to Note 4 for additional information.

(2)The fair value of our mandatory redemption liability is estimated using the Monte Carlo simulation method which includes forecasted EBITDA expectations, adjusting for market risks and volatility, calculating redemption prices, discounting to present terms with the cost of debt, and averaging results across scenarios to determine fair value, incorporating the market price of risk and volatility estimates from similar companies.

95

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

18\. Commitments and Contingencies 

We are occasionally subject to litigation or other legal proceedings. Reserves are recorded for specific legal proceedings when we determine that the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. We had litigation reserves of $2 million and $12 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We have also identified certain other legal matters where we believe an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible and/or for which no estimate of possible losses can be made. We do not believe that the outcome of these, or any other, pending legal matters, individually or collectively, will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 

ANTITRUST LITIGATION

In February 2014, TreeHouse Foods, Inc. and certain affiliated entities filed suit against KDP’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Keurig (formerly known as Green Mountain Coffee Roasters, Inc.), in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York (“SDNY”) (TreeHouse Foods, Inc. et al. v. Green Mountain Coffee Roasters, Inc. et al.). The TreeHouse complaint asserted claims under the federal antitrust laws and various state laws, contending that Keurig had monopolized alleged markets for single serve coffee brewers and single serve coffee pods. The TreeHouse complaint sought treble monetary damages, declaratory relief, injunctive relief and attorneys’ fees. In the months that followed, a number of additional actions, including claims from another coffee manufacturer (JBR, Inc.), as well as putative class actions on behalf of direct and indirect purchasers of Keurig’s products, were filed in various federal district courts, asserting claims and seeking relief substantially similar to the claims asserted and relief sought in the TreeHouse complaint. Additional similar actions were filed by individual direct purchasers (including McLane Company, Inc., BJ’s Wholesale Club, Inc., Winn-Dixie Stores Inc. and Bi-Lo Holding LLC) in 2019 and in 2021. All of these actions were transferred to the SDNY for coordinated pre-trial proceedings (In re: Keurig Green Mountain Single-Serve Coffee Antitrust Litigation) (the “Multidistrict Antitrust Litigation”).

In July 2020, Keurig reached an agreement with one of the plaintiff groups in the Multidistrict Antitrust Litigation, the putative indirect purchaser class, to settle the claims asserted for $31 million. The settlement class consisted of individuals and entities in the United States that purchased, from persons other than Keurig and not for purposes of resale, Keurig manufactured or licensed single serve beverage portion packs during the applicable class period (beginning in September 2010 for most states). The settlement was approved and paid, and the indirect purchasers’ claims have been dismissed.

Discovery in all remaining matters pending in the Multidistrict Antitrust Litigation is concluded, with the plaintiffs collectively claiming more than $5 billion of monetary damages. Keurig strongly disputes the merits of the claims and the calculation of damages. In 2021, the parties filed motions challenging the validity of certain of the other parties’ proposed expert opinions. In January 2025, the court issued a ruling on these motions, granting challenges to certain expert testimony—including Keurig’s challenge to JBR, Inc.’s damages expert—but largely denying the parties’ motions. Keurig has also fully briefed summary judgment motions that, if successful, would end the cases entirely. Keurig is also pursuing its opposition to direct purchaser plaintiffs’ motion for class certification. 

Keurig intends to continue vigorously defending the remaining lawsuits. At this time, we are unable to predict the outcome of these lawsuits, the potential loss or range of loss, if any, associated with the resolution of these lawsuits or any potential effect they may have on KDP or its operations. Accordingly, we have not accrued for a loss contingency. Additionally, as the timelines in these cases may be beyond our control, KDP can provide no assurance as to whether or when there will be material developments in these matters.

96

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH, AND SAFETY MATTERS

We operate many manufacturing, bottling, and distribution facilities. In these and other aspects of our business, we are subject to a variety of federal, state, and local environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations. We maintain environmental, health, and safety policies and a quality environmental, health, and safety program designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. However, the nature of our business exposes us to the risk of claims with respect to environmental, health, and safety matters, and there can be no assurance that material costs or liabilities will not be incurred in connection with such claims.

The federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, also known as the Superfund law, as well as similar state laws, generally impose joint and several liability for cleanup and enforcement costs on current and former owners and operators of a site without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct. We were notified by the Environmental Protection Agency that we are a potentially responsible party for study and cleanup costs at Superfund sites in New Jersey and in Michigan. Investigation and remediation costs are yet to be determined, therefore no reasonable estimate exists on which to base a loss accrual.

PRODUCT WARRANTIES

We offer a one year warranty on all Keurig brewing systems. We provide for the estimated cost of product warranties, primarily using historical information and current repair or replacement costs, at the time product revenue is recognized. Product warranties are included in accrued expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

| | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---  
(in millions)| Accrued Product Warranties  
Balance as of December 31, 2022| $| 13 |   
Accruals for warranties issued| 17 |   
Settlements| (19)|   
Balance as of December 31, 2023| 11 |   
Accruals for warranties issued| 14 |   
Settlements| (15)|   
Balance as of December 31, 2024| $| 10 |   

19\. Transactions with Variable Interest Entities

INVESTMENTS IN UNCONSOLIDATED AFFILIATES WHICH QUALIFY AS VIEs

Certain of our equity investments are in entities which qualify as VIEs. We have determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs and therefore are not required to consolidate them, as the primary shareholder of each respective VIE has control over the board and decision-making for the activities that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance, including sales, marketing, and operations. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, our investments in Nutrabolt and Chobani represent investments in entities which qualify as VIEs but for which we are not the primary beneficiary. We have no obligation to provide additional funding to these VIEs, and thus our maximum exposure and risk of loss related to these VIEs is limited to the carrying value of our investment. Refer to Note 13 for the carrying value of these investments.

OTHER TRANSACTIONS WITH VIEs

We have a number of leasing arrangements and one licensing arrangement with special purpose entities for which KDP is not the primary beneficiary, as KDP has limited power based on the contractual agreements to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIEs’ performance. 

97

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

Leasing Arrangements

As of December 31, 2024, we have entered into sixteen lease transactions with VIEs. Each lease has an RVG based on a percentage of the VIEs’ purchase price; however, we concluded it was not probable that we will owe an amount at the end of each individual lease term, as the fair values of the properties are not expected to fall below the RVGs at the end of each individual lease term. As such, we recorded each lease obligation excluding the associated RVG. The aggregate maximum undiscounted RVG associated with the leasing arrangements was $652 million and $653 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. This aggregate maximum value assumes that the fair value of each property at the end of either the original lease term or renewal term is equal to zero, which we have concluded is not probable.

The following table provides the carrying amounts of the right-to-use assets and lease obligations recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets associated with these leasing arrangements related to the VIEs as of December 31, 2024 and 2023:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | December 31,  
(in millions)| | 2024| | 2023  
| | | |   
Non-current assets| | $| 386 | | | $| 412 |   
Current liabilities| | 24 | | | 23 |   
Non-current liabilities| | 376 | | | 402 |   

The leasing agreements included as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 include nine manufacturing sites, five distribution centers, one multipurpose property, and our Frisco, Texas headquarters.

Licensing Arrangement

ABC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of KDP, has provided a guarantee in connection with its distribution agreement with the Veyron SPEs to be paid only in the event the Veyron SPEs sell specific distribution rights and the value of those distribution rights does not exceed $142 million, which is the maximum undiscounted amount that KDP could pay under the RVG. All obligations with respect to the guarantee will cease upon termination of the distribution agreement, which would occur upon notice by ABC not to renew the distribution agreement, KDP no longer being investment grade at the end of the term, or the sale of the distribution rights by the Veyron SPEs. As of December 31, 2024, we have not recorded a liability as it is not probable that we will have to make any payments required under the RVG, as the fair value of the distribution rights is not expected to fall below $142 million over the term of the agreement.

As of December 31, 2024, we had $85 million in fixed service fee commitments related to the 15-year distribution agreement, which was effective on December 28, 2020, with the Veyron SPEs. These commitments were used to assist the Veyron SPEs in obtaining financing. Such fixed service fee payments began on January 1, 2021. 

Fixed service fees over the next five years are expected to be as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| For the Years Ending December 31,  
(in millions)| 2025| | 2026| | 2027| | 2028| | 2029  
Fixed service fees| $| 8 | | | $| 7 | | | $| 8 | | | $| 8 | | | $| 8 |   

98

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

20\. Restructuring and Integration Costs

RESTRUCTURING PROGRAMS

2024 Network Optimization

In March 2024, we announced a restructuring program designed to more effectively and efficiently meet the needs of consumers and customers. The program initially included the closure of our manufacturing facility in Williston, Vermont, with operations and employees relocating to other existing manufacturing locations. The relocation began during the second quarter of 2024 and was completed in the third quarter of 2024. In July 2024, we also announced the closure of our Windsor, Virginia manufacturing facility, which is expected to begin in the first quarter of 2025. Our restructuring program also encompasses other costs intended to optimize our manufacturing and distribution footprint throughout our operations.

The restructuring program is expected to incur pre-tax restructuring charges in an estimated range of $125 million to $145 million, primarily comprised of asset related costs, through the second quarter of 2025.

2023 CEO Succession and Associated Realignment

In 2023, we began to enact several organization movements to ensure succession plans, to reinforce enterprise capabilities to support growth, and to control costs. A key component of the program was the appointment of Tim Cofer as Chief Operating Officer, effective November 6, 2023, with Mr. Cofer succeeding Robert Gamgort as our CEO during the second quarter of 2024. We have also realigned our executive and operating leadership structure to enable faster decision making and to better support various strategic initiatives. The program is expected to incur charges of approximately $85 million, primarily driven by severance costs, which were substantially completed as of December 31, 2024, and the sign-on bonus for Mr. Cofer.

DPS Integration Program

As part of the DPS Merger, we developed a program to deliver $600 million in synergies over a three-year period through supply chain optimization, reduction of indirect spend through new economies of scale, elimination of duplicative support functions, and advertising and promotion optimization. Although the program was initially expected to be completed in 2021, as a result of delays due to COVID-19, we continued to recognize expenditures for certain initiatives which began during the integration period through December 31, 2022. The restructuring and integration program resulted in cumulative pre-tax charges of approximately $962 million, primarily consisting of professional fees related to the integration and transformation and costs associated with severance and employee terminations.

RESTRUCTURING CHARGES

Restructuring and integration expenses for the defined programs during the periods presented were as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Year Ended December 31,   
(in millions)| 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
2024 Network Optimization| $| 51 | | | $| — | | | $| — |   
2023 CEO Succession and Associated Realignment| 40 | | | 35 | | | — |   
DPS Integration| — | | | — | | | 172 |   
Total restructuring and integration charges| $| 91 | | | $| 35 | | | $| 172 |   

99

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

RESTRUCTURING LIABILITIES

Restructuring liabilities that qualify as exit and disposal costs under U.S. GAAP are included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the consolidated financial statements. Restructuring liabilities, primarily consisting of workforce reduction costs, were as follows:

| | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---  
(in millions)| Restructuring Liabilities  
Balance as of December 31, 2022| $| 55 |   
Charges to expense| 18 |   
Cash payments| (46)|   
|   
Balance as of December 31, 2023| 27 |   
Charges to expense| 34 |   
Cash payments| (17)|   
|   
Balance as of December 31, 2024| $| 44 |   

21\. Related Parties 

IDENTIFICATION OF RELATED PARTIES

Prior to August 19, 2020, we were indirectly controlled by JAB, a privately held investor group. Since August 19, 2020, JAB continues to hold a significant but non-controlling interest in KDP. As of December 31, 2024, JAB beneficially owned approximately 16% of our outstanding common stock. JAB and its affiliates also hold investments in a number of other companies that have commercial relationships with us. These commercial relationships may take the form of our purchase of raw materials, our license of the companies’ trademarks for use in the manufacturing of K-Cup pods, our sale of products for resale to retail customers, or our manufacture or distribution of products to, or on behalf of, these companies.

We hold investments in certain brand ownership companies, and in certain instances, we also have rights in specified territories to bottle and/or distribute the brands owned by such companies. We purchase inventory from these brand ownership companies and sell finished product to third-party customers, primarily in the U.S. Additionally, any transactions with significant partners in these investments, such as ABI, are considered related party transactions. ABI purchases Clamato from us and pays us a royalty for use of the brand name. Refer to Note 13 for additional information about our investments in unconsolidated affiliates.

OPERATING TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES

Trade accounts receivable, net from related parties were $30 million and $34 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, primarily related to product sales and royalty revenues. Accounts payable to related parties were $35 million and $21 million as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, primarily related to purchases of finished goods inventory for distribution. 

Revenues from and expenses associated with these related parties were as follows:

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | For the Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions)| | 2024| | 2023| | 2022  
Revenues from related parties| | $| 163 | | | $| 143 | | | $| 127 |   
Expenses associated with related parties(1)| | 128 | | | 132 | | | 64 |   

(1)Expenses associated with related parties includes a reduction of $93 million and $42 million related to earned equity for the achievement of certain milestones included in our distribution agreement with related parties, which were recognized as a reduction of cost of sales on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.

100

* * *

Table of Contents

KEURIG DR PEPPER INC.

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

(CONTINUED)

OTHER TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES

In March 2024, JAB BevCo B.V., a subsidiary of JAB, sold 100 million shares of KDP’s common stock through an underwritten secondary offering. In connection with this offering, we repurchased 35 million shares at the per-share price paid by the underwriter, for a total of $1,012 million, which was effected under our existing share repurchase program. 

Transactions with Related Parties for Distribution Rights

We executed an agreement between KDP, GHOST, and ABI, which terminates the distribution rights for certain GHOST products by ABI, effective March 3, 2025, for $225 million, which was accrued as of December 31, 2024, and is expected to be paid during the first quarter of 2025. Refer to Note 4 for additional information.

We made payments to Nutrabolt totaling $8 million and $52 million to acquire certain distribution rights during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Refer to Note 5 for additional information.

22\. Subsequent Events 

On January 31, 2025, we repaid the first tranche of the Term Loan Agreement using proceeds from commercial paper.

101

* * *

Table of Contents

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders’ equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 25, 2025, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting.

Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

102

* * *

Table of Contents

Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets and Goodwill Valuation - Certain of the Brand Assets and Reporting Units - Refer to Notes 2 and 5 to the financial statements

Critical Audit Matter Description

As discussed in Notes 2 and 5, the Company has indefinite-lived brand intangible assets (“brand assets”) and goodwill. The Company’s evaluation of brand assets and goodwill for impairment is performed annually as of October 1, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable and involves the comparison of the fair value of each brand asset or reporting unit to its carrying value. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recorded an impairment charge of $412 million related to certain brand assets and an impairment charge of $306 million recorded to goodwill, both in the U.S. Refreshment Beverages segment. The Company used the income approach and a combination of income and market based approaches to estimate the fair value of brand assets and reporting units, respectively. These methods required management to make significant estimates and assumptions, specifically related to discount rates, and forecasted cash flows. Assumptions may be sensitive to future market or industry conditions, as well as company-specific conditions, and changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the calculation of fair value. Given the significant judgments made by management to estimate certain of the fair values, a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort were required to perform audit procedures that evaluated the reasonableness of management’s estimates and assumptions.

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit

Our audit procedures consisted of risk assessment and testing management’s impairment analyses including the underlying business and valuation assumptions for certain of the fair values. Those procedures included, but were not limited to, the following:

•We tested the effectiveness of controls over the Company’s brand assets and goodwill impairment review process which include controls related to management’s selection of the discount rate and forecasts of future revenues.

•We evaluated the reasonableness of management’s ability to forecast revenue growth and margins by considering:

–Historical revenue and margins.

–Analysis of current and future business strategies to the projected periods.

–Information in industry reports.

•With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation methodologies and assumptions, including discount rates.

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

Dallas, Texas

February 25, 2025 

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2016.

103

* * *

Table of Contents

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc.

Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024, of the Company and our report dated February 25, 2025, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements.

As described in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, appearing under Item 9A, management excluded from its assessment the internal control over financial reporting at Ghost Lifestyle LLC which was acquired on December 31, 2024 and whose financial statements constitute less than 3% of total assets of the consolidated financial statement amounts as of December 31, 2024. Accordingly, our audit did not include the internal control over financial reporting at Ghost Lifestyle LLC.

Basis for Opinion

The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

104

* * *

Table of Contents

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

Dallas, Texas

February 25, 2025

105

* * *

Table of Contents

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

Not applicable.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

As required by Rules 13a-15(b) and 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act, management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2024, and has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for KDP, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

Our management, with the participation of the CEO and CFO, assessed the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, management concluded that the internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024.

Under guidelines established by the SEC, companies are allowed to exclude an acquired business from management's report on internal control over financial reporting for the first year subsequent to the acquisition while integrating the acquired operations. Accordingly, management has excluded GHOST from its annual report on internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. GHOST represented approximately 3% of our consolidated total assets as of December 31, 2024.

All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

ATTESTATION REPORT OF THE INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 has been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their attestation report, which is included in Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

As of December 31, 2024, management has concluded that there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our fourth quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

106

* * *

Table of Contents

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

USE OF RULE 10B5-1 TRADING ARRANGEMENTS

On October 30, 2024, Bob Gamgort, our Executive Chairman, adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act (“Rule 10b5-1(c)”) for the sale of up to 2,500,000 shares of KDP’s common stock until March 1, 2026.

On November 1, 2024, Mary Beth DeNooyer, our Chief Human Resources Officer, adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) for the sale of up to 120,000 shares of KDP’s common stock until March 4, 2026.

During the fourth quarter of 2024, no other directors or executive officers of KDP adopted, modified, or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of KDP securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K.

AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS

On February 20, 2025, the Board approved and adopted amended and restated bylaws of the Company to reflect the amendments summarized below (as so amended and restated, the “Amended and Restated Bylaws”), effective immediately.

Among other things, the amendments affected by the Amended and Restated Bylaws include updates in light of Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act, adopted by the SEC (“universal proxy rules”), certain recent amendments to the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”) as well as other market practice updates and clarifying changes. To enhance readability and align with market practice, the Amended and Restated Bylaws reflect combined advance notice provisions relating to director nominations and proposals of other business in a new Section 6 of Article II and additional requirements in Section 7 of Article II. These advance notice provisions have been updated to (1) require (i) compliance with universal proxy rules, including the 67% solicitation requirement; (ii) director candidates to consent to being named in any proxy statement; (iii) documentation confirming the stockholder’s compliance with the Rule 14a-19 requirements; (iv) information from “control persons” when the stockholder or beneficial owner is an entity and certain Schedule 13D disclosure requirements to be addressed in stockholder notice; (v) stockholder nominees to provide a written representation and agreement with respect to certain voting, compensation and indemnification matters, completed director & officer questionnaires and the nominee’s agreement to comply with the Company’s policies and guidelines and that such representations, questionnaires and agreements be submitted at the same time as the stockholder notice of nomination, and (2) clarify that (i) the advance notice provisions set forth in Article II, Section 6 is the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations and propose business before an annual meeting (other than a Rule 14a-8 proposal); and (ii) an adjournment, recess or postponement of an annual meeting does not commence a new time period or extend the previously announced time period for the giving of a stockholder’s notice and that the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at the annual meeting shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such annual meeting. 

The Amended and Restated Bylaws have also been updated to reflect several recent DGCL amendments, including: (i) clarifying the adjournment procedures for virtual meetings of stockholders; (ii) clarifying that the Company’s notice of meetings will be provided in the manner required by the federal proxy rules, subject to compliance with the DGCL provisions addressing electronic notice; (iii) deleting the requirement to make available stockholder lists at stockholder meetings; and (iv) clarifying that written consents do not need to be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Board or committee in order to be effective.

107

* * *

Table of Contents

Additionally, the Amended and Restated Bylaws also (i) reserve a white proxy card for the exclusive use of the Company; (ii) define and clarify the role of the chair of the meeting; (iii) remove reference to the director resignation policy, which will instead be addressed in corporate governance guidelines in line with market practice; (iv) remove the provision allowing director removal in the event of a director’s breach of any agreement between such director and the Company relating to such director’s service to the Company; (v) update provisions related to inspectors of elections and the rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings; (vi) make certain changes to the provisions relating to the Board and officer appointments to provide additional flexibility; and (vii) provide for the federal district courts of the United States of America to be the exclusive forum for actions arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum. The Amended and Restated Bylaws also incorporate technical and conforming revisions and clarifications.

The foregoing description of the Amended and Restated Bylaws is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amended and Restated Bylaws which are filed as Exhibit 3.5 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS

Not applicable.

108

* * *

Table of Contents

PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Information required to be set forth hereunder has been omitted and will be incorporated by reference, when filed, from our Proxy Statement.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Information required to be set forth hereunder has been omitted and will be incorporated by reference, when filed, from our Proxy Statement.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Information required to be set forth hereunder has been omitted and will be incorporated by reference, when filed, from our Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

Information required to be set forth hereunder has been omitted and will be incorporated by reference, when filed, from our Proxy Statement.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

Information required to be set forth hereunder has been omitted and will be incorporated by reference, when filed, from our Proxy Statement.

PART IV

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The following financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," in this Annual Report on Form 10-K:

•Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.

•Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.

•Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.

•Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.

•Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022.

•Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023, and 2022 and as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.

SCHEDULES

Schedules are omitted because they are not required or applicable, or the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or related notes.

EXHIBITS

See Exhibit Index.

109

* * *

Table of Contents

EXHIBIT INDEX

| | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---  
3.1| Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on May 12, 2008) and incorporated herein by reference).  
3.2| Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. effective as of May 17, 2012 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to KDP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on July 26, 2012) and incorporated herein by reference).  
3.3| Certificate of Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. effective as of May 19, 2016 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on May 20, 2016) and incorporated herein by reference).  
3.4| Certificate of Third Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. effective as of July 9, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference).   
3.5*| Amended and Restated By-Laws of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. effective as of February 20, 2025.  
4.1| Indenture, dated April 30, 2008, between Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on May 1, 2008) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.2| Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 30, 2008, between Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., Banc of America Securities LLC, Goldman, Sachs & Co., Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, UBS Securities LLC, BNP Paribas Securities Corp., Mitsubishi UFJ Securities International plc, Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Wachovia Capital Markets, LLC and TD Securities (USA) LLC (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on May 1, 2008) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.3| Registration Rights Agreement Joinder, dated May 7, 2008, by the subsidiary guarantors named therein (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on May 12, 2008) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.4| Supplemental Indenture, dated May 7, 2008, among Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors named therein and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on May 12, 2008) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.5| Second Supplemental Indenture dated March 17, 2009, to be effective as of December 31, 2008, among Splash Transport, Inc., as a subsidiary guarantor, Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.8 to KDP's Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on March 26, 2009) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.6| Third Supplemental Indenture, dated October 19, 2009, among 234DP Aviation, LLC, as a subsidiary guarantor; Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.9 to KDP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on November 5, 2009) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.7| Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2017, among Bai Brands LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company, 184 Innovations Inc., a Delaware corporation (each as a new subsidiary guarantor under the Indenture dated April 30, 2008 (as referenced in Item 4.1 in this Exhibit Index)), Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., each other then-existing Guarantor under the Indenture and Wells Fargo, National Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on February 2, 2017) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.8| Indenture, dated as of December 15, 2009, between Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on December 23, 2009) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.9| Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 9, 2015, among Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on November 10, 2015) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.10| 3.40% Senior Note due 2025 (in global form), dated November 9, 2015, in the principal amount of $500,000,000 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on November 10, 2015) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.11| 4.50% Senior Note due 2045 (in global form), dated November 9, 2015, in the principal amount of $250,000,000 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on November 10, 2015) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.12| Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 16, 2016, among Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on September 16, 2016) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.13| 2.55% Senior Note due 2026 (in global form), dated September 16, 2016, in the principal amount of $400,000,000 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on September 16, 2016) and incorporated herein by reference).  

110

* * *

Table of Contents

| | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---  
4.14| Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 14, 2016, among Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on December 14, 2016) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.15| 3.43% Senior Note due 2027 (in global form), dated December 14, 2016, in the principal amount of $400,000,000 (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on December 14, 2016) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.16| 4.42% Senior Note due 2046 (in global form), dated December 14, 2016, in the principal amount of $400,000,000 (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on December 14, 2016) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.17| Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 31, 2017, among Bai Brands LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company, 184 Innovations Inc., a Delaware corporation (each as a new subsidiary guarantor under the Indenture dated April 30, 2008 (as referenced in Item 4.1 in this Exhibit Index), Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., each other then-existing Guarantor under the Indenture) and Wells Fargo, National Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on February 2, 2017) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.18| Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 15, 2017, among Dr Pepper Snapple Group, Inc., the guarantors party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on June 15, 2017) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.19| Investor Rights Agreement by and among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. and The Holders Listed on Schedule A thereto, dated as of July 9, 2018 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.20| Base Indenture, dated as of May 25, 2018 between Maple Escrow Subsidiary and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.21| Second Supplemental Indenture (including the form of note), dated as of May 25, 2018, among Maple Escrow Subsidiary, Inc. and Maple Parent Holdings Corp. as parent guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee relating to the 2023 Notes (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.22| Third Supplemental Indenture (including the form of note), dated as of May 25, 2018, among Maple Escrow Subsidiary, Inc. and Maple Parent Holdings Corp. as parent guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee relating to the 2025 Notes (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.23| Fourth Supplemental Indenture (including the form of note), dated as of May 25, 2018, among Maple Escrow Subsidiary, Inc. and Maple Parent Holdings Corp. as parent guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee relating to the 2028 Notes (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.24| Fifth Supplemental Indenture (including the form of note), dated as of May 25, 2018, among Maple Escrow Subsidiary, Inc. and Maple Parent Holdings Corp. as parent guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee relating to the 2038 Notes (filed as Exhibit 4.6 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.25| Sixth Supplemental Indenture (including the form of note), dated as of May 25, 2018, among Maple Escrow Subsidiary, Inc. and Maple Parent Holdings Corp. as parent guarantor, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee relating to the 2048 Notes (filed as Exhibit 4.7 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.26| Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 9, 2018, among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., the subsidiary guarantors thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.8 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.27| Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2018, among Maple Escrow Subsidiary, Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as representative of the several purchasers of the Notes (filed as Exhibit 4.9 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.28| Joinder to the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2018, among Maple Escrow Subsidiary, Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and Citigroup Global Markets Inc., as representative of the several purchasers of the Notes (filed as Exhibit 4.10 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on July 9, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.29*| Description of registered securities.  
4.30| Tenth Supplemental Indenture (including 3.20% Senior Notes Due 2030 and 3.80% Senior Notes Due 2050 (in global form)), dated as of April 13, 2020, among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., the subsidiary guarantors thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on April 13, 2020) and incorporated herein by reference).  

111

* * *

Table of Contents

| | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---  
4.31| Eleventh Supplemental Indenture (including 0.750% Senior Notes Due 2024, 2.250% Senior Notes Due 2031, and 3.350% Senior Notes Due 2051 (in global form)), dated as of March 15, 2021, among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., the subsidiary guarantors thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to KDP’s Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on March 15, 2021) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.32| Twelfth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 22, 2022, among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on April 22, 2022) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.33| Base Indenture, dated as of March 7, 2024, among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to KDP’s Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on March 7, 2024) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.34| First Supplemental Indenture (including Floating Rate Senior Notes Due 2027, 5.100% Senior Notes Due 2027, 5.050% Senior Notes Due 2029, 5.200% Senior Notes Due 2031, and 5.300% Senior Notes Due 2034 (in global form)), dated as of March 7, 2024, among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., the subsidiary guarantors thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to KDP’s Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on March 7, 2024) and incorporated herein by reference).  
4.35*| Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of October 25, 2024, among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., the lenders party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent.  
10.1| Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms and Conditions under the Keurig Dr Pepper Omnibus Incentive Plan of 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to KDP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on November 7, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference).++  
10.2| Matching Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms and Conditions under the Keurig Dr Pepper Omnibus Incentive Plan of 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to KDP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on November 7, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference).++  
10.3| Directors' Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms and Conditions under the Keurig Dr Pepper Omnibus Incentive Plan of 2009 (filed as Exhibit 10.9 to KDP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on November 7, 2018) and incorporated herein by reference).++  
10.4| Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan of 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to KDP's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on June 11, 2019) and incorporated herein by reference).++  
10.5| Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms and Conditions under the Keurig Dr Pepper Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan of 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.13 to KDP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on August 8, 2019) and incorporated herein by reference).++  
10.6| Matching Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms and Conditions under the Keurig Dr Pepper Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan of 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to KDP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on August 8, 2019) and incorporated herein by reference).++  
10.7| Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Severance Pay Plan for Executives, effective as of January 1, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to KDP’s Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on February 27, 2020) and incorporated herein by reference).++  
10.8| Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms and Conditions under the Keurig Dr Pepper Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan of 2019 (retention incentive awards for certain of KDP’s Named Executive Officers) (filed as Exhibit 10.14 to KDP’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on October 29, 2020) and incorporated herein by reference).++  
10.9| Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms and Conditions under the Keurig Dr Pepper Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan of 2019, amended and restated as of December 7, 2020 (retention incentive award for one of KDP’s Named Executive Officers).++  
10.10| Keurig Dr Pepper Short-Term Incentive Plan and Sales Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to KDP’s Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on February 24, 2022) and incorporated herein by reference).++  
10.11| Credit Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2022, among Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent, and the lenders and issuing banks party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the KDP’s Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on February 24, 2022) and incorporated herein by reference).  
10.12| Letter Agreement by and between KDP and Robert J. Gamgort dated April 5, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to KPD's Current Report on Form 8-K (filed on April 5, 2022) and incorporated herein by reference).  
10.13| Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Executive Severance Plan, effective as of July 29, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to KDP’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on July 28, 2022) and incorporated herein by reference).++  
10.14| Letter Agreement by and between KDP and Sudhanshu Priyadarshi dated October 21, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.18 to KDP’s Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on February 23, 2023) and incorporated herein by reference).++  
10.15| Keurig Dr Pepper Short-Term Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.20 to KDP’s Annual Report on Form 10-K (filed on February 23, 2023) and incorporated herein by reference).++  

112

* * *

Table of Contents

| | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---  
10.16| Letter Agreement by and between KDP and Timothy Cofer dated September 18, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to KDP’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on October 26, 2023) and incorporated herein by reference).++  
10.17| Letter Agreement by and between KDP and Andrew Archambault dated October 31, 2023.++  
10.18| Restricted Stock Unit Award Terms and Conditions under the Keurig Dr Pepper Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan of 2019 (award for certain of KDP’s Named Executive Officers).++  
10.19*‡| Amended and Restated Contribution and Merger Agreement, dated December 31, 2024, by and among Ghost Lifestyle LLC, The American Bottling Company, Phantom Merger Sub I LLC and certain other parties thereto.  
10.20*‡| Ghost Lifestyle LLC Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated December 31, 2024.  
19.1*| Insider Trading Policy  
21.1*| List of Subsidiaries of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc.  
22.1| List of Guarantor Subsidiaries (filed as Exhibit 22.1 to KDP’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (filed on June 30, 2020) and incorporated herein by reference).  
23.1*| Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP  
31.1*| Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act.  
31.2*| Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act.  
32.1**| Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act, and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code.  
32.2**| Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act, and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code.  
97.1| Keurig Dr Pepper Inc. Clawback Policy, As Adopted on September 18, 2023++  
101*| The following financial information from Keurig Dr Pepper Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (v) Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity, and (vi) the Notes to the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements.  
104*| The cover page from this Annual Report on Form 10-K, formatted as Inline XBRL.  

* Filed herewith.

** Furnished herewith.

++ Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

‡ Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted from this filing pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K.

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY

Not applicable.

113

* * *

Table of Contents

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

| | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| Keurig Dr Pepper Inc.  
| By:| /s/ Sudhanshu Priyadarshi  
| |   
| Name:| | Sudhanshu Priyadarshi  
| Title:| | Chief Financial Officer  
|  | | (Principal Financial Officer)  
| Date:| | February 25, 2025  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on February 25, 2025.

| | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | | |   
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
By:| /s/ Timothy Cofer| By:| /s/ Sudhanshu Priyadarshi  
| Name:| | Timothy Cofer| | Name:| | Sudhanshu Priyadarshi  
| Title:| | Chief Executive Officer| | Title:| | Chief Financial Officer  
| | | (Principal Executive Officer)| | | | (Principal Financial Officer)  
| | | | | | |   
By:| /s/ Angela A. Stephens| By:| /s/ Robert J. Gamgort  
| Name:| | Angela A. Stephens| | Name:| | Robert J. Gamgort  
| Title:| | Senior Vice President and Controller  
(Principal Accounting Officer)| | Title:| | Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors  
| | | | |   
| | | | | | |   
By:| /s/ Oray Boston| By:| /s/ Joachim Creus  
| Name:| | Oray Boston| | Name:| | Joachim Creus  
| Title:| | Director| | Title:| | Director  
| | | | | | |   
By:| /s/ Frank Engelen| By:| /s/ Olivier Goudet  
| Name:| | Frank Engelen| | Name:| | Olivier Goudet  
| Title:| | Director| | Title:| | Director  
| | | | | | |   
By:| /s/ Juliette Hickman| By:| /s/ Paul Michaels  
| Name:| | Juliette Hickman| | Name:| | Paul Michaels  
| Title:| | Director| | Title:| | Director  
| | | | | | |   
By:| /s/ Pamela Patsley| By:| /s/ Debra Sandler  
| Name:| | Pamela Patsley| | Name:| | Debra Sandler  
| Title:| | Director| | Title:| | Director  
| | | | | | |   
By:| /s/ Robert Singer| | | |   
| Name:| | Robert Singer| | | |   
| Title:| | Director| | | |   

114